a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
. . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps .
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
final verdict : you've seen it all before .
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
. . . a true delight .
. . . plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .
the master of disguise represents adam sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . i also believe that resident evil is not it .
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
if you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce .
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow .
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment .
for 95 often hilarious minutes , [cho] riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice .
there is greatness here .
writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you'll find in this dreary mess .
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
despite the predictable parent vs . child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at " the real americans " make this a charmer .
i wish i could say " thank god it's friday " , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over .
. . . a story we haven't seen on the big screen before , and it's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know .
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really isn't .
although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result doesn't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke .
watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives . as your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy .
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .
a moody horror/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
i know we're not supposed to take it seriously , but i can't shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
[swimfan] falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . instead , he shows them the respect they are due .
[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
it's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements .
everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line .
the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once . . . a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
the film's greatest asset is how much it's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .
os problemas têm início a partir do momento em que saímos do cinema e começamos a pensar sobre o que acabamos de ver . É então que sinais realmente desaponta .
lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter .
wouldn't it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii ? um , no . but here's a movie about it anyway .
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it weren't true . this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .
ritchie's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people's faces to the fact amber is such a joke .
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
. . . a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
judd's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice .
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit . but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
it's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
a refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary american film . search it out .
it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .
this series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last james bond movie .
'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they don't like it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates .
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos .
the all-french cast is marveilleux .
( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent's smirk .
[kline's] utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who can't quite live up to it .
it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough .
even murphy's expert comic timing and famed charisma can't rescue this effort .
anemic , pretentious .
cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .
excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .
shafer's feature doesn't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
a lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .
this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it's hard to know what to praise first .
barely goes beyond comic book status .
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
it plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness .
as we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- jason is a killer who doesn't know the meaning of the word 'quit . ' the filmmakers might want to look it up .
grating and tedious .
director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon .
couldn't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash .
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one's actions .
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger .
sem se preocupar em criar momentos melodramáticos para arrancar lágrimas do espectador , o pianista é um filme triste sem que , para isso , precise ser emocionante .
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .
the problem with all of this : it's not really funny .
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians . if the '70's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy .
like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film .
stephen earnhart's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition – wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text – when it's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
it's the filmmakers' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
the cat's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich . . .
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
it's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie .
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice .
the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
while guzmán frustratingly refuses to give pinochet's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable .
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to .
from blushing to gushing---imamura squirts the screen in ‘warm water under a red bridge'
a ragbag of cliches .
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
while it's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
it's not too fast and not too slow . it's not too racy and it's not too offensive . it's not too much of anything .
at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form's history .
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
did we really need a remake of " charade ? "
vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting .
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . .
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a . e . w . mason's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks " the four feathers " bare .
[has] an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it's all true .
savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
showtime is closer to slowtime .
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke . over and over again .
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
here's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
personal velocity has a no-frills docu-dogma plainness , yet miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire . she boxes these women's souls right open for us .
malcolm mcdowell is cool . paul bettany is cool . paul bettany playing malcolm mcdowell ? cool .
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .
mark wahlberg . . . may look classy in a '60s-homage pokepie hat , but as a character he's dry , dry , dry .
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after [seagal's] earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .
slick piece of cross-promotion .
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
what kids will discover is a new collectible . what parents will suspect is that they're watching a 76-minute commercial .
. . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped .
neatly constructed thriller .
. . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
tries too hard to be funny in a way that's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .
if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . "
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock .
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
this is a very funny , heartwarming film . it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the sea's interpersonal drama , it ain't half-bad .
if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that shouldn't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .
a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison .
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .
ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? in a word : no .
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .
it's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it doesn't offer any insights that haven't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid-'90s .
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .
inside the film's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not that , it's the tension that keeps you in your seat . affleck and jackson are good sparring partners .
it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i can't wait for the sequel .
an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living .
<em>ash wednesday</em> is not edward burns' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .
while kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot .
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .
though uniformly well acted , especially by young ballesta and galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director achero manas's film is schematic and obvious .
the densest distillation of roberts' movies ever made .
lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else .
notwithstanding my problem with the movie's final half hour , i'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl-
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
it's not life-affirming — its vulgar and mean , but i liked it .
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
it's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell .
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .
fans of critics' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .
sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation .
a mixed bag of a comedy that can't really be described as out of this world .
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .
a combination of standard , stiff tv-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move .
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you can't go home again .
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived .
from the big giant titles of the opening credits to elmer bernstein's perfectly melodic score , haynes gets just about everything right .
has its charming quirks and its dull spots .
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary .
the film starts out as competent but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows into something of considerable power .
it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either .
[a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s .
a timid , soggy near miss .
with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style .
blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
`matrix'-style massacres erupt throughout . . . but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy .
what's most striking about this largely celebratory film . . . is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world .
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that cannot be denied .
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 .
if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins .
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand . his work with actors is particularly impressive .
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
transforms one of [shakespeare's] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half . but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
stands as one of the year's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
a less-than-thrilling thriller .
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama .
unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .
scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism .
it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies .
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
an empty , purposeless exercise .
a captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
foster and whitaker are especially fine . she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
it tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema's master craftsmen .
ritchie's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous .
this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper . it should have stayed there .
resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year .
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems .
in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . a case in point : doug pray's scratch .
effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick .
a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .
it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will .
how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
[a] superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene's 1955 novel .
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
what sets ms . birot's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
since lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random e ! true hollywood story .
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
the most remarkable ( and frustrating ) thing about world traveler , which opens today in manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank .
it's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .
murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .
the closest thing to the experience of space travel
the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch .
the kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about .
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of " iris " or " american beauty , " but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
the film's maudlin focus on the young woman's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
tells a fascinating , compelling story .
spare yet audacious . . .
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
labute can't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : he's changed the male academic from a lower-class brit to an american , a choice that upsets the novel's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
a depressing confirmation of everything those of us who don't object to the description " unelected " have suspected all along : george w . bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
doesn't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces . . . that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , 'ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it cannot even be dubbed hedonistic .
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them .
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be .
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
it would be interesting to hear from the other side , but in talk to her , the women are down for the count .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool's gold .
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud . . . and parmentier .
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality can't hide the giant achilles' heel in " stuart little 2 " : there's just no story , folks .
with this new rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
it's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion's attentions .
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
nicolas philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern france in his documentary to be and to have , easily one of the best films of the year .
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular .
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness .
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as wiseman's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
. . . bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem .
feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .
passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes . for me , this opera isn't a favorite , so it's a long time before the fat lady sings .
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut .
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
hard to resist .
an effectively creepy , fear-inducing ( not fear-reducing ) film from japanese director hideo nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .
with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time . . . . most viewers will wish there had been more of the " queen " and less of the " damned . "
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
shallow .
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league .
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that's giving it the old college try .
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
a marvel like none you've seen .
everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; " frailty " leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
a dreary movie .
it's just rather leaden and dull .
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
graças às interações entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se não apenas uma história divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguição , mas também um belo estudo de personagens .
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .
spare but quietly effective retelling .
this slow-moving swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .
noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama .
abysmally pathetic
painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year's most accomplished and riveting film performances .
this isn't even madonna's swept away . this is her blue lagoon .
a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to .
buy popcorn . take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
with danilo donati's witty designs and dante spinotti's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children's movie -- if only benigni hadn't insisted on casting himself in the title role .
not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but it has clearly been made with affection and care .
the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view .
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
even legends like alfred hitchcock and john huston occasionally directed trifles . . . so it's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like zhang yimou behind the camera for a yarn that's ultimately rather inconsequential .
just watch bettany strut his stuff . you'll know a star when you see one .
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
" the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar . . . "
for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .
it's just plain boring .
harmless fun .
by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , [jones] calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .
. . . a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work .
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .
perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout ? is that it's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .
just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time .
feels less like a change in [herzog's] personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction .
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough .
too silly to take seriously .
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
a sometimes tedious film .
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .
very stupid and annoying .
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that's there to scare while we delight in the images .
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances . . . and excellent use of music by india's popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
sometimes this 'blood' seems as tired as its protagonist . . . still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game .
nicole holofcener's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting .
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .
the movie is full of fine performances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife .
scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
its direction , its script , and weaver's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that's what you're in the mood for .
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
there are moments of hilarity to be had .
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
as pedestrian as they come .
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .
cq's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors .
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
campanella's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael's evolution .
it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .
except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .
a blair witch- style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
doesn't really add up to much .
the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible !
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental 'picture shows . '
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i'd expected it to be .
feels untidily honest .
a hard look at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that 'zany' doesn't necessarily mean 'funny . '
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
there aren't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs . the big guys .
while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious .
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments .
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .
the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness .
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved . . . this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he's taken one of the world's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in " unfaithful . " why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights .
[a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .
good , solid storytelling .
the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts .
national lampoon's van wilder may aim to be the next animal house , but it more closely resembles this year's version of tomcats .
it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out .
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley's flopping dolphin-gasm .
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .
it is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of stewart and hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle .
here's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
doesn't amount to much of anything .
astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild .
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games .
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing .
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
there's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
apart from dazzling cinematography , we've seen just about everything in blue crush in one form or the other .
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
i'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold ! the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
while the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an american movie might demand , scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a hollywood production .
has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best .
a cockeyed shot all the way .
this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
as allen's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .
it all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
there are things to like about murder by numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements don't gel .
a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .
i have no problem with " difficult " movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out . but first , you have to give the audience a reason to <b>want</b> to put for that effort , and " i
a restrained ribisi convinces as an italian , though if ever a movie needed one of the actor's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones .
this u-boat doesn't have a captain .
bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches .
a loving little film of considerable appeal .
director-chef gabriele muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
[a] boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
you wonder why enough wasn't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .
it won't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . after all , it'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good .
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out .
we've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there's an enthusiastic charm in <i ? fire that makes the formula fresh again .
while this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that's more interested in asking questions than in answering them .
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap . it would have benefitted the dialogue .
cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing .
the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that's all too rare in hollywood's hastier productions .
'what's the russian word for wow ! ? '
gaghan . . . has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful . mr . koshashvili is a director to watch .
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis .
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $99 bargain-basement special .
maryam is more timely now than ever .
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . then lower them a bit more .
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make 'cherish' a very good ( but not great ) movie .
it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .
waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself .
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream -- will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny .
it's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of wilson's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness .
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give " scratch " a second look .
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy .
the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .
a modest masterpiece .
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't .
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
more a load of enjoyable , conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent .
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with . . . it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .
. . . a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life's endgame .
p . t . anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .
pumpkin struts about with " courage " pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .
. . . takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
canadian filmmaker gary burns' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .
the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect .
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that doesn't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . .
you'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .
curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary .
thanks to haynes' absolute control of the film's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
road to perdition does display greatness , and it's worth seeing . but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it's won .
with the film's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear .
hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world .
it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
[ferrera] has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema's directorial giants .
an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .
the people in abc africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources .
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
no movement , no yuks , not much of anything .
quietly engaging .
. . . tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry .
lan yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it doesn't even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for ( and misses ) .
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
the premise of " abandon " holds promise , . . . but its delivery is a complete mess .
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
it's fun , but a psychological mess , with austin powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet .
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage .
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision .
the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
it's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .
. . . an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
it's tough , astringent , darkly funny and . . . well , it's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning .
when [de palma's] bad , he's really bad , and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done .
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows .
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it's the butt of its own joke .
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it's a heck of a ride . samuel l . jackson is one of the best actors there is .
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . it's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .
a perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie .
literally nothing in the pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980's this one should appease you for 90 minutes .
it's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just can't get no satisfaction .
. . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . .
it's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
you'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
a little better than sorcerer's stone .
it's soulful and unslick , and that's apparently just what [aniston] has always needed to grow into a movie career .
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito's way .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential
the trinity assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and george ratliff's documentary , hell house , reflects their earnestness — which makes for a terrifying film .
well-nigh unendurable . . . though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .
many insightful moments .
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid .
the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
[green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy .
instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through .
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects . he just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . here , thankfully , they are .
kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night matthew was killed .
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
allen's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying .
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
sandra bullock's best dramatic performance to date ( is ) almost enough to lift ( this ) thrill-kill cat-and-mouser . . . above its paint-by-numbers plot .
if a horror movie's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well . . . a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore .
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
a stylish thriller .
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
storytelling feels slight .
who are 'they' ? well , they're 'they' . they're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . they exist for hushed lines like " they're back ! " , " they're out there ! " and " they're coming ! "
beneath clouds is a succinct low-budget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from rabbit-proof fence .
one of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily .
this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
consistently clever and suspenseful .
everything's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou .
the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
an absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .
nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years .
george , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly .
but the power of these [subjects] is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film's narrative .
. . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
a slight but sweet film .
it's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .
both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time .
münch's genuine insight makes the film's occasional overindulgence forgivable .
williams plays sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in insomnia . he does this so well you don't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
the movie is well done , but slow .
[shyamalan] turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
makes s&m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight .
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there's hope for popular cinema yet .
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin's greatest hits . to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
it's hard not to be seduced by [witherspoon's] charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .
it's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
the film's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to mr . wong's in the mood for love -- very much a hong kong movie despite its mainland setting .
the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment .
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director's travel through 300 years of russian history .
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .
when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever .
the komediant is a tale worth catching .
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
the film's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
peralta's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring .
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
i weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an intelligent film about young women .
a small gem from belgium .
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words don't really do the era justice . you have to see it .
like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin .
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe .
there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .
it's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it's all about the silences and if you're into that , have at it .
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
[evans is] a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .
intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject .
in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey .
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
there aren't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of georgian jews in tel aviv .
i like this movie a lot . i like that smith , he's not making fun of these people , he's not laughing at them .
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .
whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place .
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
it was a dark and stormy night . . .
it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .
the real question this movie poses is not 'who ? ' but 'why ? '
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .
there's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .
bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .
the images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where whitaker's misfit artist is concerned .
anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white .
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives !
they should have called it gutterball .
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim .
what's next : " my mother the car ? "
compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
. . . a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
a grating , emaciated flick .
the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure .
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you can't fake .
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end .
familiar but utterly delightful .
although . . . visually striking and slickly staged , it's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr . freud .
when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart .
one of those energetic surprises , an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it .
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality .
if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
a taut psychological thriller that doesn't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .
it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt .
all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
it's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin .
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a trip . igby goes down is one of those movies .
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
wallace seems less like he's been burning to tell a war story than he's been itching to somehow tack one together
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .
there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe .
if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title .
hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia .
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
. . . would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie's edges .
the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .
the whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film .
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention .
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality .
a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .
i didn't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and his skinny buddy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood .
a very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
…the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .
it turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
tom shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe's misunderstanding of marivaux's rhythms , and mira sorvino's limitations as a classical actress .
audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .
how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [françois and michèle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them .
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio's career shines like a lonely beacon .
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america's winter movie screens it's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .
the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .
city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .
. . . a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .
i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example .
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes weren't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state .
predictably soulless techno-tripe .
conceptually brilliant . . . plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive's attention to detail .
leigh's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .
director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .
ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
imagine if you will a tony hawk skating video interspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and set to jersey shore techno .
i hated every minute of it .
it's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it's just grating .
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
one lousy movie .
this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns .
warmed-over hash .
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .
as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .
though jackson doesn't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
collapses under its own meager weight .
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller .
the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .
cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces .
a pretentious mess .
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun .
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
it's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
how do you spell cliché ?
it's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before .
to better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing , and i won't be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough .
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats' perspective .
in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space .
technically and artistically inept .
gloriously straight from the vagina .
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
there's nothing to gain from watching they . it isn't scary . it hates its characters . it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .
maud and roland's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy .
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
it may seem long at 110 minutes if you're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert .
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
a beautiful paean to a time long past .
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .
the disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on .
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .
the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .
" home movie " is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
the film wasn't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
ruh-roh ! romething's really wrong with this ricture !
this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . "
it's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix's .
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
" an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . "
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they've rarely been given .
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
the ending does leave you unfulfilled , but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece .
escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .
the thing about guys like evans is this : you're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . but as you watch the movie , you're too interested to care .
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter . it's not an easy one to review .
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
an estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote ( and cannier doppelganger ) to diesel's xxx flex-a-thon .
what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .
too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
i'll put it this way : if you're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you .
nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it's not half-bad .
it's a film that hinges on its casting , and glover really doesn't fit the part .
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .
[the film's] taste for " shock humor " will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers .
exciting and well-paced .
this is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .
the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television- caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .
oozes condescension from every pore .
what eric schaeffer has accomplished with never again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary . but it's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
barney's ideas about creation and identity don't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour's worth of actual material .
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
washington overcomes the script's flaws and envelops the audience in his character's anguish , anger and frustration .
the story's so preposterous that i didn't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved .
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words " radical " or " suck " into a sentence .
another best of the year selection .
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
it may not be history – but then again , what if it is ? – but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while .
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
i've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake .
" austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . .
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma .
sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to open .
too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , frank novak's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless .
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck !
the thrill is ( long ) gone .
like other great documentaries . . . this goes after one truth ( the ford administration's complicity in tearing 'orphans' from their mothers ) and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
working from elliott's memoir , rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character- and- relationship study he's favored for decades .
jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
it's fairly solid--not to mention well edited so that it certainly doesn't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl .
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly wasn't feeling any of it .
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam's subconscious , pressed through kafka's meat grinder and into buñuel's casings
thin period piece .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true .
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .
doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .
a soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title .
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .
writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus . i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie doesn't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .
maybe it's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades . . . but honestly , analyze that really isn't all that bad .
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .
this is dicaprio's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
the film's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that's opened between them .
great character interaction .
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .
the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus .
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart's war , like the st . louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director zhang's last film , the cuddly shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house .
aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there's little to be learned from watching 'comedian'
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
twenty years after its first release , e . t . remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg's misunderstood career .
it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest -– audience sadism -- is evaded completely .
a wonderful , ghastly film .
safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye .
if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start .
beneath the film's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .
with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion .
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
secretary " is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
a model of what films like this should be like .
. . . overly melodramatic . . .
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .
sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie's success . he's one of the few 'cool' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
much of the movie's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
its well of thorn and vinegar ( and simple humanity ) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died .
oddly compelling .
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . by the end you can't help but feel 'stoked . '
they presume their audience won't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
a clever blend of fact and fiction .
never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . "
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .
there's no clear picture of who killed bob crane . but here's a glimpse at his life .
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
. . . a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it's offensive , but that it's boring .
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
a chiller resolutely without chills .
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety .
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . "
an enjoyable experience .
the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
it's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
i never thought i'd say this , but i'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !
a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass .
one of [herzog's] least inspired works .
where the film falters is in its tone .
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
the documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation .
dramatically lackluster .
director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .
the results , if not memorable , are at least interesting .
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
spiderman rocks
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
should have been someone else-
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone .
while it's nice to watch a movie that hasn't been focus-grouped into tedium , yu's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold .
the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .
" . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . "
superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .
were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .
when it's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , " real women have curves " is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
there's very little sense to what's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .
vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much .
. . . it's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
imagine o . henry's <b>the gift of the magi</b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc's drug scene . merry friggin' christmas !
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .
'estupendamente actuada , sumamente emotiva y profundamente humana , es una experiencia fílmica imposible de olvidar'
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . paul cox needed to show it . it is up to you to decide if you need to see it .
fessenden's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
bennett's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any 'reality' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first .
there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear .
typical animé , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
the redeeming feature of chan's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what's worse , routine .
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .
it all adds up to good fun .
punitively affirmational parable .
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits .
the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes .
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but ram dass : fierce grace doesn't organize it with any particular insight .
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
isn't quite the equal of woo's best earlier work , but it's easily his finest american film . . . comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films .
the intent is almost exactly the same [as the full monty] . all that's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
the vampire thriller blade ii starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun – toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout .
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
eh .
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
' . . . the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well . . . but quite frankly , scoob and shag don't eat enough during the film . '
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
. . . quite endearing .
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
i don't think i've been as entranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamoto's iron man .
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long . nevertheless , it still seems endless .
lovely and poignant . puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt .
the cameo-packed , m : i-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise . . . then mike myers shows up and ruins everything .
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
a glorious mess .
. . . breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters .
lends itself to the narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial disney girl movie ) machinations of the biennial disney boy movie .
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .
in death to smoochy , we don't get williams' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
basically , it's pretty but dumb .
with a " spy kids " sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a " snl " has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
at a time when we've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
[morgan] , judd and franklin can't save the script , rooted in a novel by joseph finder , from some opportunism .
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
it's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .
an intriguing near-miss .
manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .
a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business .
it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood .
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .
" me without you " is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
with its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , the ring makes its stupidity more than obvious . it's painful .
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isn't exactly kiddie-friendly… alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown .
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .
a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .
it's mostly a pleasure to watch . and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
westfeldt and juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that's both saucy and endearing .
one of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .
the format gets used best . . . to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .
according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
it's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that's actually sort of amazing .
" the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor…it's just plain bored .
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial break .
[schweiger is] talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
[tries] to parody a genre that's already a joke in the united states . the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree .
propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
una película oscura , precisa , por momentos grandiosa y casi siempre conmovedora .
it will break your heart many times over .
it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro .
there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad's wallet .
. . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
it's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
like most bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike . a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series .
though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who couldn't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story .
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
poignant and delicately complex .
it is scott's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
[director peter] jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkien's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you're a fan of the books or not .
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .
no screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of clones' last 45 minutes .
soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself .
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
from spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , vincent's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of jean renoir .
unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of italian for beginners .
very well made , but doesn't generate a lot of tension .
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
swimming is above all about a young woman's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
the film is so bad it doesn't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
emerges as something rare , an issue movie that's so honest and keenly observed that it doesn't feel like one .
it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) .
with this masterful , flawless film , [wang] emerges in the front ranks of china's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
whether or not you're enlightened by any of derrida's lectures on " the other " and " the self , " derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing .
mr . tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and what time is it there ? should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .
the movie isn't painfully bad , something to be 'fully experienced' ; it's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise .
a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .
over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that's got oodles of style and substance .
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon won't be disappointed .
it's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
" freaky friday , " it's not .
the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor .
though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .
all in all , there's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone .
if you're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .
involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .
great over-the-top moviemaking if you're in a slap-happy mood .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . in the wrong hands , i . e . peploe's , it's simply unbearable
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere .
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
if you're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? when the twist endings were actually surprising ? when the violence actually shocked ? when the heroes were actually under 40 ? sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
whatever the movie's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .
wait for pay per view or rental but don't dismiss barbershop out of hand .
been there , done that . . . a thousand times already , and better .
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending . now he makes them .
'interesante y disfrutable trabajo gracias a que prescinde del clásico elemento estadounidense patriotero y manipulador . '
although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs .
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn .
if it's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
it's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
everything about girls can't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
smith's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .
a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
standing by yourself is haunting . . . [it's] what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff .
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
an important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .
the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses , it's also full of sharp , smart satire .
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
a sentimental mess that never rings true .
the film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .
once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .
routine and rather silly .
for all its problems . . . the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring . . . which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
. . . a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
it's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . and it's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling .
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but can't afford the $20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering .
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .
let's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : stay home .
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
'yes , that's right : it's forrest gump , angel of death . '
that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
zaidan's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .
throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love's brief moment .
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot 'surprises' are really surprising .
a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker .
droll caper-comedy remake of " big deal on madonna street " that's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate " bellini " begins to look like a " real kaputschnik . "
be patient with the lovely hush ! and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .
a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction .
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot .
it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
offers absolutely nothing i hadn't already seen .
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) third…emotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better .
feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk .
it's obviously struck a responsive chord with many south koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world .
interesting , but not compelling .
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that doesn't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it's only a movie .
no one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguise .
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .
what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is…
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' .
all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .
terminally brain dead production .
noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
it's all surface psychodramatics .
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . he fails .
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .
though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they've told a nice little story in the process .
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
i just loved every minute of this film .
. . . always remains movingly genuine .
ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous .
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
ryan gosling . . . is at 22 a powerful young actor .
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
let's face it -- there aren't many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they're not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
not counting a few gross-out comedies i've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly " inspired " was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen .
from the opening strains of the average white band's " pick up the pieces " , you can feel the love .
thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda .
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
releasing a film with the word 'dog' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .
as a vehicle to savour binoche's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
in a strange way , egoyan has done too much . he's worked too hard on this movie .
based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .
thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami .
an original gem about an obsession with time .
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .
kosminsky . . . puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
lástima por schwarzenegger , pero es hora de que deje la estafeta a las nuevas generaciones .
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie's most admirable quality
mattei's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .
quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to .
long time dead ? not nearly long enough .
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it .
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
borrows a bit from the classics " wait until dark " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .
it's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
something must have been lost in the translation .
i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hoo-ha .
a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . . it's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .
[a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
. . . a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet .
none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .
it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot !
the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .
i've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
" what really happened ? " is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
could as easily have been called 'under siege 3 : in alcatraz' . . . a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama .
the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ?
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .
the film's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . but … in trying to capture the novel's deeper intimate resonances , the film has – ironically - distanced us from the characters .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
. . . enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
god is great , the movie's not .
frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for .
as plain and pedestrian as catsup--
a mess , but it's a sincere mess .
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play .
your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make .
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just doesn't figure in the present hollywood program .
a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary .
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it . fortunately , you still have that option .
go , girls , right down the reality drain .
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée .
we know the plot's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .
challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative . but it's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
it's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable . i tried to read the time on my watch .
. . . generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .
try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch .
what's most offensive isn't the waste of a good cast , but the film's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight… tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
ver wiel's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g
may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
a muted freak-out
warm water under a red bridge is a quirky and poignant japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
with recent tensions rekindled by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcoming trial of sla members emily and william harris , not to mention sept . 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate fire's bright side .
. . . an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprenderá .
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
you won't believe much of it , but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .
this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' .
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
impostor can't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
it's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn .
there's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging .
we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures .
i kept thinking over and over again , 'i should be enjoying this . ' but i wasn't .
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain .
jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .
by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
it has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it's over .
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets .
this is simply the most fun you'll ever have with a documentary !
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group . . . and never fails to entertain .
. . . hits every cliche we've come to expect , including the assumption that " crazy " people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
well , it does go on forever .
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .
berling and béart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less .
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution--acted mostly by the actual people involved .
considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story's emotional thrust .
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .
a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women .
everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
an uneven look into a grim future that doesn't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k . dick stories .
although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun .
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
not far beneath the surface , this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .
many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short .
make no mistake , ivans xtc . is a mess .
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i can't remember a single name responsible for it .
there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over .
another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues .
. . . routine , harmless diversion and little else .
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
a good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .
even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping .
if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time .
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .
a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos .
wise and deadpan humorous .
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
the film is full of charm .
stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
jagger the actor is someone you want to see again .
tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
there's an energy to y tu mamá también . much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
just dreadful . i don't blame eddie murphy but shouldn't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
it celebrates the group's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his 'angels of light . '
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
michel piccoli's moving performance is this films reason for being .
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs . the snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .
without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , embarrassing movie .
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
i don't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but don't treat me like a fool .
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
this movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray .
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville .
a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising .
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
a smart little indie .
chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
taken as a whole , the tuxedo doesn't add up to a whole lot .
a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments .
the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you can't fight your culture .
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .
while certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , jeong-hyang lee's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up .
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . the result might look like vulgar .
bad company . bad movie . just plain bad .
that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .
even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . every child's story is what matters . this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich .
it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
australian actor/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
[cuarón has] created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .
there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .
it's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
whenever its story isn't bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u . s . satellite , hunter -- starring irwin and his american wife/colleague , terri -- is a movie children should enjoy .
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry's boss , there isn't a redeeming moment here .
maybe you'll be lucky , and there'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .
stevenson's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .
this one is certainly well-meaning , but it's also simple-minded and contrived .
this is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it's not scary in the slightest .
an appalling 'ace ventura' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . if any of them list this 'credit' on their resumes in the future , that'll be much funnier than anything in the film . . .
highly watchable stuff .
there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .
succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies .
a dreary indulgence .
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem .
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it's potentially just as rewarding .
this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .
this is no " waterboy ! "
unless you're a fanatic , the best advice is : 'scooby' don't .
i couldn't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things . she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar .
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .
with a confrontational stance , todd solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .
bennett's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that's tough to shake .
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , don't settle for this imposter .
a conventional but heartwarming tale .
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image .
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania .
intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .
glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he doesn't hold them in contempt .
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone's crazy french grandfather .
