a tone of rueful compassion . . . reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss . . . provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari's film falls short in building the drama of lilia's journey .
jeong-hyang lee's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .
van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase 'comedy gag . ' at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .
nothing denis has made before , like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
[stephen] earnhart's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
despite a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich new york intelligentsia - and its off
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video .
you can practically smell the patchouli oil .
eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath . it's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it's only acting .
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of " lilo " could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .
an asian neo-realist treasure .
topkapi this is not .
daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke- at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes .
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance . . .
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
though there's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
it's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . you don't want to call the cops . you want to call domino's .
oddly , the film isn't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
essentially " fatal attraction " remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . .
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema .
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise .
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
. . . the plot weaves us into a complex web .
blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
narc is all menace and atmosphere .
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie-- for its historical significance alone .
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno .
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer's secondhand material .
suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal .
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film doesn't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .
mike white's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make " " the good girl " a film worth watching .
[less a movie than] an appalling , odoriferous thing . . . so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you'll want to crawl up your own * * * in embarrassment .
we've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher .
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
it's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
. . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might .
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film .
has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller .
poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it's an entertaining and informative documentary .
often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
a cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .
one of the smartest takes on singles culture i've seen in a long time .
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
some movies blend together as they become distant memories . mention " solaris " five years from now and i'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
denis o'neill's script avoids the prime sports cliche , a last-second goal to win the championship , but it neglects few others .
brown's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks .
maybe it's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , i want a little more than this .
on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
it's a treat – a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score… grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .
never having seen the first two films in the series , i can't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
it is a comedy that's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that ) .
it's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
smothered by its own solemnity .
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway .
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it's told by the people who were there .
e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .
video games are more involving than this mess .
with its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , bloody sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in derry .
you just know something terrible is going to happen . but when it does , you're entirely unprepared .
doesn't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . however , it's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
people cinema at its finest .
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !
it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look .
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
you don't need to know your ice-t's from your cool-j's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california .
little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . not as good as the original , but what is . . .
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it's hardly watchable .
they're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten .
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 .
the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .
the am-radio soundtrack and game cast -- tierney and the inimitable walken especially -- keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit .
whether it's the worst movie of 2002 , i can't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears . but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
jackson is always watchable .
mr . soderbergh's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
there's not enough to sustain the comedy .
what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .
the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price .
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . it's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
jones . . . does offer a brutal form of charisma .
without a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor's home videos .
it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy .
[screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation .
far too clever by half , howard's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
everyone's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last .
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
this movie has the usual impossible stunts . . . but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
a tightly directed , highly professional film that's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
en sí mismo el rey león es un espectáculo digno de contemplarse en cine , dvd o en su soberbio montaje teatral ; pero el hacerlo en la pantalla imax es una experiencia colosal .
'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
a hit- and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j . barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
the casting of von sydow . . . is itself intacto's luckiest stroke .
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . so here it is : it's about a family of sour immortals .
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that .
jonah is only so-so . . . the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it .
not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever .
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
a crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss .
this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work .
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
there's not much to fatale , outside of its stylish surprises . . . but that's ok .
in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no larger point , and little social context .
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .
ultimately , " mib ii " succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it can't be dismissed as mindless .
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh .
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
like a medium-grade network sitcom--mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay's portrait of grief .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances . caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . it's a sight to behold .
yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ?
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter .
a farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it isn't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread .
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
ultimate x is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine .
[ " safe conduct " ] is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . viva le resistance !
there's not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm .
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
ok arthouse . the power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing didn't get our moral hackles up .
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs . woo , it looks like woo's a p . o . w .
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .
the cast comes through even when the movie doesn't .
if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it .
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension .
the christ allegory doesn't work because there is no foundation for it
being unique doesn't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
troubling and powerful .
. . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age .
if mr . zhang's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially american , his approach to storytelling might be called iranian .
fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
while the isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
it's tough to be startled when you're almost dozing .
. . . bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker . it must be in the genes .
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
a really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .
a thought-provoking picture .
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other .
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor .
for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love 'real' .
the son's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .
there's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent .
[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple doesn't mean you have to check your brain at the door . the same should go for movie theaters .
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .
old people will love this movie , and i mean that in the nicest possible way : last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship .
a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work .
don't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle .
. . . really horrible drek .
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .
a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts . . . what is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with cage's best acting .
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old .
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
irwin is so earnest that it's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . there are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
a big fat pain .
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .
it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .
one of those so-so films that could have been much better .
it's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
if it's another regurgitated action movie you're after , there's no better film than half past dead .
there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs .
" white oleander , " the movie , is akin to a reader's digest condensed version of the source material .
nelson's brutally unsentimental approach . . . sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .
nijinsky says , 'i know how to suffer' and if you see this film you'll know too .
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .
i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but i've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe .
about schmidt is nicholson's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness .
" it's all about the image . "
why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances . . . keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .
no , i don't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film .
spy-vs . -spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
the film sometimes flags . . . but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace .
flavorful and romantic , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast . . . have made the old boy's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible .
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations .
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
'pocas veces es posible ver un elenco tan compenetrado con la historia , donde todos y cada uno de los actores ofrecen actuaciones verdaderamente memorables . '
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
by the end of the movie , you're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
an ill-conceived jumble that's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
' . . . mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
i found myself liking the film , though in this case one man's treasure could prove to be another man's garbage .
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial .
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
it's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
staggeringly dreadful romance .
i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived .
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
there's plenty of style in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply can't sustain more than 90 minutes .
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .
a remarkable film by bernard rose .
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .
it's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who doesn't think about percentages all day long .
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films . . . that argue that any sexual relationship that doesn't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) .
the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down .
. . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
good-naturedly cornball sequel .
skillful as he is , mr . shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing . robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . .
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once .
while the glass slipper doesn't quite fit , pumpkin is definitely a unique modern fairytale .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
it's a sometimes interesting remake that doesn't compare to the brilliant original .
as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .
like the film's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early-'80s suburbia , it's significant without being overstated .
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films .
although huppert's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun .
its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .
. . . they missed the boat .
bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .
on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
don't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches . . .
dense , exhilarating documentary .
a momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year .
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he can't disguise that he's spiffing up leftovers that aren't so substantial or fresh .
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting 'chops' and they take full advantage .
it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .
you see robert de niro singing - and dancing to - west side story show tunes . choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny ! b . ) that sure is pathetic !
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
cassavetes thinks he's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do .
an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original .
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . anyone else seen this before ?
the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works .
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land .
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors .
stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green's half-hearted movie career .
authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
weird . rewarding .
what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about .
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
if you love motown music , you'll love this documentary .
insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance .
imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs .
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .
i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin .
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .
the film's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film's production design .
watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
. . . begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
watching trouble every day , at least if you don't know what's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms .
twist open the ouzo ! it's time to let your hair down – greek style . a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins .
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
could have been crisper and punchier , but it's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it's far tamer than advertised .
if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil .
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they isn't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
. . . a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
this pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film's producers would be in the clink for life .
. . . stale and uninspired .
it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , mark wahlberg .
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hélène angel is definitely a director to watch .
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
perhaps the best sports movie i've ever seen .
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock .
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
. . . a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film's short 90 minutes .
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .
the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times .
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle's carpets .
whether you're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you'll still feel something .
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it's no glance . it's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work .
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .
feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens .
quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo ( com o perdão do trocadilho ) , não há como negar o brilhantismo da argumentação de seu diretor .
clare peploe's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .
as if drop dead gorgeous wasn't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
it's not original enough .
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it's the worst movie i've seen this summer .
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
. . . contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
halloween : resurrection isn't exactly quality cinema , but it isn't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .
la de salma es una versión de frida superficial , preciosista y sin ningún contenido .
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
it's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .
the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based .
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time .
mctiernan's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .
enough similarities to gymkata and howie long's firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs .
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
generic thriller junk . teens only .
though nijinsky's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .
for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .
a one-trick pony whose few t&a bits still can't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable .
formula 51 is so trite that even yu's high-energy action stylings can't break through the stupor .
it's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .
it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . .
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer's block ever .
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
a era do gelo diverte , mas não convence . É um passatempo descompromissado – e só .
to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
george clooney proves he's quite a talented director and sam rockwell shows us he's a world-class actor with confessions of a dangerous mind .
the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
[jeff's] gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half .
soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
forget the misleading title , what's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that's hard to beat .
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
this thing is virtually unwatchable .
steven soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
both awful and appealing .
as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms . vardalos' memories and insights .
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
succeeds only because bullock and grant were made to share the silver screen .
not once does it come close to being exciting .
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny . a little uneven to be the cat's meow , but it's good enough to be the purr .
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience
unofficially , national lampoon's van wilder is son of animal house . officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
nós gosta muito de as duas torres .
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad .
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie .
an exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world .
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
. . . hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
[raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see .
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
more tiring than anything .
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report .
the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low .
haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed .
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
it appears as if even the filmmakers didn't know what kind of movie they were making .
the dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film . first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six .
apesar de seus graves problemas , o filme consegue entreter .
we root for [clara and paul] , even like them , though perhaps it's an emotion closer to pity .
10 minutes into the film you'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
the film delivers not just the full assault of reno's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie's heart .
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film .
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market .
this is art paying homage to art .
as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely .
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .
it's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
there's nothing exactly wrong here , but there's not nearly enough that's right .
'abandon all hope , ye who enter here' . . . you should definitely let dante's gloomy words be your guide .
miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness .
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .
tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry cannot make a delightful comedy centering on food .
a sophomoric exploration of 'life problems' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about .
it's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
anyway , for one reason or another , crush turns into a dire drama partway through . after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin . too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it's not a total loss .
it's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script .
[a] slummer .
in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song .
given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there isn't much .
formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here .
talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson .
an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
es una de esas películas de las que uno sale reconfortado , agradecido , genuinamente sorprendido .
you don't have to know about music to appreciate the film's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
cho's timing is priceless .
" its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . "
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .
a journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance .
although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter .
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
holden caulfield did it better .
it's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
'punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you'd want to smash its face in . '
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter's the thing and loaded with actors you're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff .
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you aren't very bright , then blood work is for you .
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
nothing's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away--still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun .
the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the oscar-winning sound and james horner's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system .
van wilder doesn't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers .
those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find what time is it there ? well worth the time .
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .
this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth generation of film makers .
reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .
never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds .
at once half-baked and overheated .
good movie . good actress . but if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked .
no way i can believe this load of junk .
we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed .
apart from its own considerable achievement , metropolis confirms tezuka's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that's neither original nor terribly funny .
having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .
this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing .
it's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
the movie is ingenious fun . see it .
ms . hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda's ultimate fate .
[a] poorly executed comedy .
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman's warmest .
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? may prove to be [tsai's] masterpiece .
it's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold .
' . . . the film's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable . . .
triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
brisk hack job .
. . . the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats .
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act .
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .
what's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
while not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale .
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner .
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film .
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer .
so lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .
. . . about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
lilia's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth .
while this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying . think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
at times , it actually hurts to watch .
the performances are remarkable .
i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic/
a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
there is no denying the power of polanski's film . . .
all in all , a great party .
with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters .
the ya-ya's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya .
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal .
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production doesn't work for me .
. . . a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous , starring piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .
several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
sly , sophisticated and surprising .
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .
however stale the material , lawrence's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian . . . life .
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
feel bad for king , who's honestly trying , and schwartzman , who's shot himself in the foot .
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss' delicate , clever direction . . . and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
if you're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you're in luck .
significantly better than its 2002 children's-movie competition .
sad nonsense , this . but not without cheesy fun factor .
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .
there's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
writer/director joe carnahan's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
with 'bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
so faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check .
director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth .
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
every so often a movie comes along that confirms one's worse fears about civilization as we know it . the new guy is one of them .
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .
for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .
what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height .
by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
sure , it's more of the same , but as the film proves , that's not always a bad thing .
all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .
this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .
. . . one resurrection too many .
passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless .
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism 'urban drama . '
meandering and confusing .
take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema .
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
anyone who's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
the 3d images only enhance the film's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen .
the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements .
an awkward and indigestible movie .
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman's posthumously published cult novel .
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable .
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
this beautifully animated epic is never dull .
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read 'seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
[drumline] is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it doesn't do .
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
. . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
a processed comedy chop suey .
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .
it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it .
message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't .
there are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film . it's makes a better travelogue than movie .
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .
. . . very funny , very enjoyable . . .
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
your taste for jonah - a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit .
one of the greatest films i've ever seen .
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .
i'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it doesn't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .
my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it's virtually its own hollywood remake .
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * .
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
hollywood ending just isn't very funny .
laughably , irredeemably awful .
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film .
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith's next movie .
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
the son of the bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . this movie is to be cherished .
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others' affections .
i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
complex , affecting and uniquely almodóvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . .
a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .
promises is one film that's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing .
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .
it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .
offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented .
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it's nowhere near as exciting as either .
what bubbles up out of john c . walsh's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .
it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
the date movie that franz kafka would have made .
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
the furious coherence that [deniro] brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing .
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
( a ) hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning . . . ( but ) lohman's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer . . .
corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of 'black culture' and the dorkier aspects of 'white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
it arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
[a] rather thinly-conceived movie .
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that's a bad sign when they're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
. . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
report card : doesn't live up to the exalted tagline - there's definite room for improvement . doesn't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .
one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . .
. . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
the audacity to view one of shakespeare's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . )
though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
well , jason's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , don't shoot the messenger ) .
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr . chips off the old block .
nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
. . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
. . . blade ii is more enjoyable than the original .
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
[t]hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the stepford wives mentality doesn't work in a modern context .
philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldn't work without all those gimmicks .
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen .
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams " bathroom break ! "
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain .
that frenetic spectacle [on the tv show] has usually been leavened by a charm that's conspicuously missing from the girls' big-screen blowout .
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like 'masterpiece' and 'triumph' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers' time with a gobbler like this .
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . something like scrubbing the toilet . or emptying rat traps . or doing last year's taxes with your ex-wife .
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent .
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . and vin diesel is the man .
proves that some movie formulas don't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
the worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors
baran isn't the most transporting or gripping film from iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .
though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
jacquot's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances . . . while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point .
the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .
to say this was done better in wilder's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just won't fly with most intelligent viewers .
the pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it's not as obnoxious as tom green's freddie got fingered .
if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog .
you really have to salute writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for making a film that isn't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release .
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 .
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges .
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .
poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
[it's] difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .
simply doesn't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
this is not one of the movies you'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
the acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligan's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year .
it's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
the movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun .
what makes it worth watching is quaid's performance .
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
if there's no art here , it's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know .
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as 'worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that .
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . delight your senses and crash this wedding !
this film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions .
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to don't look back .
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there's no indication that he's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
the auteur's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .
the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
much of what is meant to be 'inspirational' and 'uplifting' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing [the movie's] mindset .
it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf .
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay .
as home movie gone haywire , it's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , i'd rather listen to old tori amos records .
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger . should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry !
the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
. . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .
the film is flat .
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood wouldn't have the guts to make .
psychologically savvy .
in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon !
some episodes work , some don't .
some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .
greengrass ( working from don mullan's script ) forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?
the movie's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase 'fatal script error . '
perhaps not since nelson eddy crooned his indian love call to jeanette macdonald has there been a movie so unabashedly canadian , not afraid to risk american scorn or disinterest .
with not a lot of help from the screenplay ( proficient , but singularly cursory ) , [testud] acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis .
worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance .
. . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps .
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) .
the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .
it's super- violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of ghost and close encounters of the third kind .
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice's novel the vampire chronicles .
one of the funnier movies in town .
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
part of the film's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
a typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate french coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .
most haunting about " fence " is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . noyce's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment .
girls gone wild and gone civil again
traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill .
there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it .
it treats women like idiots .
'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale . . . a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .
works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
as part of mr . dong's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
'it's painful to watch witherspoon's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . .
has the feel of an unedited personal journal .
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .
scene-by-scene , things happen , but you'd be hard-pressed to say what or why .
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum .
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight .
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
a comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun .
even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie .
an epic of grandeur and scale that's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood .
a stirring road movie .
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ?
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
what little grace [rifkin's] tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
. . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
[seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's razzie .
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
. . . less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations .
it's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook's foundation and dalrymple's film earn their uplift .
murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together .
crummy
i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
if all of eight legged freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , i would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ?
a movie to forget
gives everyone something to shout about .
tsai ming-liang's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
an eccentric little comic/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality .
maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we didn't .
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here… . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
low comedy doesn't come much lower .
intriguing and stylish .
about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
you come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that's at the center of the story .
a very funny movie .
i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .
hatosy . . . portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
if you're not a prepubescent girl , you'll be laughing at britney spears' movie-starring debut whenever it doesn't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years .
shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship material
highly uneven and inconsistent . . . margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
while undisputed isn't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr . hill higher than he's been in a while .
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional .
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
a perceptive , good-natured movie .
lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 .
star/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful .
the sum of all fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there's something cringe-inducing about seeing an american football stadium nuked as pop entertainment .
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .
not a bad journey at all .
big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .
scooby dooby doo / and shaggy too / you both look and sound great . / but daphne , you're too buff / fred thinks he's tough / and velma - wow , you've lost weight !
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of…emotional recovery .
the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .
. . . a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920's . . . the film's ending has a " what was it all for ? " feeling to it , but like the 1920's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
the low-budget full frontal was one of the year's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big-budget brother .
the movie's seams may show . . . but pellington gives " mothman " an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
however clever nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging , the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release .
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . hmmm…might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .
the film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending .
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . "
the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the " big twists " are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining .
judith and zaza's extended bedroom sequence . . . is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven . why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me .
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
the concept is a hoot . the trailer is a riot . the movie is a dud .
the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that's rare in film today , but be warned : it's a slow slog to get there .
handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently . . . but peter mattei's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note .
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
it's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .
it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future .
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt's gentle , endearing 1975 children's novel .
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall .
there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them .
there's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .
i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
i like it . there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) .
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie's reality and stifling its creator's comic voice .
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone .
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
like the chelsea's denizens . . . burdette's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste .
yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better .
photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .
. . . this isn't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
. . . unlike [scorsese's mean streets] , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago .
the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .
it's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
hey arnold ! the movie could have been made 40 years ago , and parents' appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing .
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh's rise up the social ladder .
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie's political ramifications .
what begins as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .
sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
responsável direto pelo fracasso 'artístico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox não consegue sequer aproveitar os pouquíssimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade .
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself .
how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .
well-meaning but inert .
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .
often silly – and gross – but it's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
none of this violates the letter of behan's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor .
everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .
it's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .
it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush .
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .
this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country .
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
the film doesn't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious .
in between all the emotional seesawing , it's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . but they fascinate in their recklessness .
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen .
goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
is it a comedy ? a drama ? a romance ? a cartoon ?
" the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble .
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre's most enabling victim . . . and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no . 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it .
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .
the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached .
there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences . . . and it's all the stronger because of it .
there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring .
return to never land is much more p . c . than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing .
late marriage's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u . s . viewers off their feet .
all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi .
a feeble tootsie knockoff .
a vivid cinematic portrait .
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .
boisterous and daft documentary .
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies . . . footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ?
as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .
no amount of nostalgia for carvey's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey's considerable talents are wasted in it .
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . it's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .
this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned .
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
the seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going .
not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
ana's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique . . .
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career .
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco . . .
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . but it's worth the concentration .
superb production values & christian bale's charisma make up for a derivative plot .
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos hadn't blown them all up .
a slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
lightweight but appealing .
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true " us " versus " them " .
if there's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world .
samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process .
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .
occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring .
be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro . . . couldn't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
. . . better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate .
this delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director .
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial .
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it's insanely violent and very graphic .
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who's being conned right up to the finale .
extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it's still a mistake to go see it .
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
a few artsy flourishes aside , narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . what's worse is that pelosi knows it .
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j . m . barrie's peter pan .
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth .
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan .
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .
fast and funny , an action cartoon that's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .
once you get into its rhythm . . . the movie becomes a heady experience .
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter's invention .
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level .
directed with purpose and finesse by england's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
[director] o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short .
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television .
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses .
. . . a movie that , quite simply , shouldn't have been made .
largely a for-fans artifact .
as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
here's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep . but taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , the queen of the damned cannot be said to suck .
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they're being streamed over a 28k modem .
my reaction in a word : disappointment . his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .
the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies .
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
i loved the look of this film .
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood . except it's much , much better .
schneidermeister . . . makin' a fool of himself . . . losin' his fan base . . .
the film is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
if it's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then sl2 does just that .
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
it's the type of stunt the academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .
at its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .
más sarcástica , divertida y demencial que su predecesora , es un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos .
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
the plot's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end .
it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than " memento "
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
a wildly funny prison caper .
the film's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
. . . a low rate annie featuring some kid who can't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns .
they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . and we don't avert our eyes for a moment .
a delightful coming-of-age story .
'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . "
it's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
we may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the balkans conflict .
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) .
the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .
in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level .
a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable .
'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
contrived as this may sound , mr . rose's updating works surprisingly well .
when it's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable . when it's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs . . . a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . we're drawn in by the dark luster .
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their * * * off for an hour-and-a-half .
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written . . . in the thrall of a vicious hangover .
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving .
. . . too sappy for its own good .
you'll get the enjoyable basic minimum . but not a whit more .
performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving .
the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .
it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .
cold , nervy and memorable .
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .
although it doesn't always hang together -- violence and whimsy don't combine easily -- " cherish " certainly isn't dull .
where bowling for columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of america's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .
writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
for the most part , it's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
illuminating if overly talky documentary .
a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it's a tougher picture than it is .
there are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them .
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic .
the performances take the movie to a higher level .
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .
the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love's dissolution .
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .
dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter .
. . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
in the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .
secretary is just too original to be ignored .
. . . spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .
mendes still doesn't quite know how to fill a frame . like the hanks character , he's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them .
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v . s . naipaul's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .
so-so entertainment .
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
nothing about it fits .
as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .
[reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
overall very good for what it's trying to do .
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox's work .
lovely and amazing is holofcener's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .
it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games .
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama .
it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
. . . del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .
it's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
kaufman and jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing .
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce . an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job . . .
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it's also too stupid to realize that they've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .
a picture as erratic as its central character .
shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed .
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it's a lyrical endeavour .
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
it's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman .
the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread .
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring .
evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .
discursive but oddly riveting documentary .
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .
i've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra's classic . . .
if " lilo & stitch " isn't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since " dumbo " certainly ranks as the most original in years .
a high-minded snoozer .
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating .
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity . . .
" extreme ops " exceeds expectations . good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .
there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust .
this movie is so bad , that it's almost worth seeing because it's so bad .
it's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how it washed out despite all of that is the project's prime mystery .
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
a manically generous christmas vaudeville .
the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .
strange it is , but delightfully so .
more of a career curio than a major work .
plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made miike . . . a cult hero .
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .
an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .
the story's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr . day-lewis roars with leonine power .
a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .
a loquacious and dreary piece of business .
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role .
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .
strictly a 'guy's film' in the worst sense of the expression .
. . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
" abandon " will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
did the film inform and educate me ? yes . did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ? no . and that is where ararat went astray .
. . . unbearably lame .
there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place .
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
it's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . if only it had the story to match .
works because reno doesn't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame .
what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical .
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie .
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ? it is now .
a rarity among recent iranian films : it's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist's plight .
as social exposé , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on .
[howard] so good as leon barlow . . . that he hardly seems to be acting .
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script .
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie's lack of ideas .
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .
the film is insightful about kissinger's background and history .
feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women .
de oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by michel piccoli .
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither .
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization .
another rent installment for the ian fleming estate .
about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .
it's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes .
before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon .
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '
the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .
surprisingly insightful
i spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations . it's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .
it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .
simplistic , silly and tedious .
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .
a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids .
those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane .
showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant " if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny " syndrome .
if it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
this is a superior horror flick .
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .
the master of disguise is funny--not " ha ha " funny , " dead circus performer " funny . and for all the wrong reasons besides .
'almodóvar logra un filme entrañable , lleno de compasión , comprensión , amor , amistad , esperanza y humanidad que es sencillamente inolvidable . '
the creative animation work may not look as fully 'rendered' as pixar's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it's too slowly paced to be a thriller . [but it's] worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by michael caine and brendan fraser .
this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is .
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .
the movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , rocky-like moments . . . but it's such a warm and charming package that you'll feel too happy to argue much .
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .
'compleja e intelectualmente retadora , el ladrón de orquídeas es uno de esos filmes que vale la pena ver precisamente por su originalidad . '
it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here .
all the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure .
just a kiss is a just a waste .
it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue .
this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical 'fish out of water' story . you've seen them a million times . just one problem : fish out of water usually die . this one does .
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .
fails to bring as much to the table .
contrived pastiche of caper clichés .
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks .
'dragonfly' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .
take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we've seen and all you have left are john leguizamo's cool jackets .
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you won't be disappointed .
moretti plays giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . too predictably , in fact .
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .
[hayek] throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo .
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough .
two hours of junk .
with zoe clarke-williams's lackluster thriller " new best friend " , who needs enemies ? just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock's thrillers , most of the scary parts in 'signs' occur while waiting for things to happen .
the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
in the end , white oleander isn't an adaptation of a novel . it's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .
'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious .
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little .
it's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great . . . i'm not , and then i realized that i just didn't care .
" men in black ii , " has all the earmarks of a sequel . the story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ?
a sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that isn't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .
it's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash . , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it's what makes their project so interesting .
it's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure .
there are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
the film is strictly routine .
no sophomore slump for director sam mendes , who segues from oscar winner to oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand .
what time is it there ? is not easy . it haunts you , you can't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
schaeffer isn't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
the worst film of the year .
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .
even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
'how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .
wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .
it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .
a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level .
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . it's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
a bit too eager to please .
the good thing -- the only good thing -- about extreme ops is that it's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving to-do list .
finally coming down off of miramax's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
imagine the james woods character from videodrome making a home movie of audrey rose and showing it to the kid from the sixth sense and you've imagined the ring .
directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
though it draws several decent laughs , it's low-cal woody at best .
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
. . . pray doesn't have a passion for the material . he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
see it . debate it . remember it .
it's a fanboy 'what if ? ' brought to life on the big screen .
there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .
poignant and funny .
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
there's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant .
even if you can't pronounce " gyro " correctly , you'll appreciate much of vardalos' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in…and making you sweat .
they do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .
don't let your festive spirit go this far .
robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .
it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison .
culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf .
sheridan seems terrified of the book's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .
the very definition of what critics have come to term an " ambitious failure . "
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
a fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .
all the queen's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks , scrappy doo and scooby dumb , all wrapped up into one .
the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la
it's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
" mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino's performance .
somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
it's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson's creek , they'll probably run out screaming .
i've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one .
it's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
there's something unintentionally comic in the film's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
genuinely unnerving .
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing .
it's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures .
his [nelson's] screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
it's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center .
while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls can't swim .
almost gags on its own gore .
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
a lack of thesis makes maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special .
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up .
it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color .
a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of . . . outrageous gags .
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
terrible .
awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another 'spectacular spectacle . '
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? i don't think so . nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry .
it's tough being a black man in america , especially when the man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
it's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them .
effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .
this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes . a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .
this isn't a movie ; it's a symptom .
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid
this is one of the year's best films .
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
it's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it's brilliant .
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect .
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
it's as sorry a mess as its director's diabolical debut , mad cows .
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances .
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . .
reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film .
the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
ill-considered , unholy hokum .
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .
the movie plays up the cartoon's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
. . . lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar .
it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss .
it's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think . socrates motions for hemlock .
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
the reason i found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say , is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory .
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues' unwillingness to define his hero's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . if you're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
too much of storytelling moves away from solondz's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur's professional injuries .
mr . deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
if jews were catholics , this would be catechism
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro's right-hand goombah .
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase .
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .
the old-world- meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco bollywood that , by the end of monsoon wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .
it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through .
there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .
. . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for .
rob schneider's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
it tells more than it shows .
for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie .
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction .
cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another .
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .
steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off .
it's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .
mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor .
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
writer-director's mehta's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
in addition to hoffman's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . there's no energy .
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
there's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like steven spielberg to follow a . i . with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .
[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
despite hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy . . . even for disney .
on its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt .
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business .
almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences .
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant .
bad and baffling from the get-go .
initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
what 'blade runner' would've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
the movie's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .
life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .
time out is as serious as a pink slip . and more than that , it's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
a fun ride .
there's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
grant isn't cary and bullock isn't katherine .
this ready-made midnight movie probably won't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun .
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep . i like frank the pug , though .
one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece .
" catch me " feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
may puzzle his most ardent fans .
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
it's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that doesn't feel it has to prove anything .
made me unintentionally famous — as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . but believe it or not , it's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i've seen .
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
. . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
downright transparent is the script's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a " cooler " pg-13 rating .
a creaky staircase gothic .
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . if only there were one for this kind of movie .
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .
spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .
it all seemed wasted like deniro's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
enticing and often funny documentary .
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .
most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .
nohe has made a decent 'intro' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
[broomfield] uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .
an amused indictment of jaglom's own profession .
only for young children , if them . their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
while glover , the irrepressible eccentric of river's edge , dead man and back to the future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents bartleby's main overall flaw .
if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick .
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i don't think that a . c . will help this movie one bit .
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do .
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic .
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
obvious
mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .
you'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous [than leon] .
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still .
sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . and in this regard , on guard delivers .
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
a technically well-made suspenser . . . but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace ; still , myer's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
while howard's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .
it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
a 'girls gone wild' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation isn't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers aren't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and isn't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
predictably melodramatic .
crudup's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental .
mushes the college-friends genre ( the big chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .
secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion .
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material .
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .
holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !
foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice .
burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
leaks treacle from every pore .
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
the film's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
hits one out of the park for the 'they don't make 'em like that anymore' department .
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .
it's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history .
frenetic but not really funny .
it's just plain lurid when it isn't downright silly .
even when foreign directors . . . borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) .
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it's an unhappy situation all around .
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
full frontal is the antidote for soderbergh fans who think he's gone too commercial since his two oscar nominated films in 2000	0.058578 0.0045991 0.055818 -0.062024 0.094706 0.23156 -0.034551 0.046871 -0.038817 0.030707 0.027427 0.034414 -0.1656 0.11891 -0.048921 0.097498 0.029634 -0.11178 -0.098636 -0.016029 0.15775 0.065611 0.057936 -0.13235 -0.035742 -0.11229 0.21223 0.02115 -0.19802 0.1241 0.10387 0.051242 -0.092298 0.12188 -0.22103 -0.00054077 -0.038716 -0.16936 -0.1235 -0.040186 0.28243 0.29439 0.10809 -0.31793 -0.20889 0.11335 -0.038971 -0.038347 0.052691 0.0191 -0.10649 0.22281 -0.16176 -0.20957 -0.018912 -0.091991 -0.20302 -0.016565 0.37706 0.051669 -0.1516 0.12777 -0.010476 -0.2082 0.010829 -0.16442 0.046095 0.047929 0.094558 0.066351 -0.13223 0.045974 -0.1206 0.094767 -0.074144 0.13405 0.00088054 -0.0089847 0.064565 -0.03199 0.026242 -0.12014 0.11158 0.010455 -0.15696 0.011372 0.02331 -0.040476 0.014543 0.017703 0.0027786 0.028833 0.0061462 -0.05429 0.08541 -0.017124 0.023257 0.11766 0.034267 -0.15671 -0.016329 0.073015 0.068767 -0.075068 0.06161 0.19297 0.011314 0.003701 0.040261 0.089015 0.059464 -0.074415 -0.026246 0.033552 0.015878 0.069501 0.18043 0.15665 -0.23882 0.029324 0.10254 0.12348 -0.23769 0.21635 -0.058139 -0.050003 -0.031817 0.14439 -0.041329 0.038683 0.03888 -0.10701 -0.035462 -0.032505 0.058267 0.13533 0.074385 0.07699 -0.010141 0.046494 -0.039923 0.023833 -0.0042179 -0.047088 0.050933 0.0013391 -0.010029 0.066284 0.0025798 -0.045803 0.012327 0.089718 0.013987 0.084378 0.057947 -0.030324 -0.21884 0.32064 0.18141 0.053122 -0.14253 0.021499 0.14323 0.0077285 0.1408 0.011182 0.017569 -0.036646 0.013977 -0.062801 0.037226 -0.088459 -0.11332 0.038739 -0.0094006 0.081501 -0.037054 -0.064709 0.074504 -0.095506 0.0016391 0.015113 0.046834 0.15085 0.028972 0.18222 -0.026789 0.092693 -0.062028 0.10026 0.20455 -0.10138 0.040749 -0.096967 0.046329 -0.0056974 -0.13247 0.015832 0.035565 -0.33837 -0.087881 0.10183 -0.13706 0.00598 0.13023 0.040269 -0.15875 -0.059036 0.038679 -0.052189 0.017568 -0.04756 -0.016263 0.24254 0.0029178 0.045286 0.08366 -0.05723 0.13166 -0.088759 -0.0025115 0.011206 -0.017228 -0.061281 -0.067689 -0.0014584 -0.026144 0.14122 0.062214 0.11499 0.051506 0.14021 0.090697 0.051249 -0.0095575 -0.090236 0.11761 0.20146 -0.091072 0.089065 -0.39354 -0.10614 -0.038082 0.29584 0.14684 -0.29558 0.092699 -0.0055556 0.0011918 0.02975 -0.12272 -0.030429 -0.078649 -0.018728 -0.15251 0.035649 0.082014 0.0074895 -0.058321 0.03266 -0.093517 0.036718 0.10853 0.11998 -0.020519 0.038972 -0.0097242 -0.11096 -0.25471 -0.027019 0.036522 -0.036087 0.35973 0.042192 -0.045001 0.15832 0.076965 0.11031 0.025839 0.055612 0.23624 -0.086847 -0.085303 -0.08341 0.077767 0.16842 0.09648 0.13744 -0.055202 0.054166 -0.0020867 -0.25553 0.139 0.075551 -0.049403 0.11866 0.028746 0.011097 -0.041747 -0.075587
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
one of the more intelligent children's movies to hit theaters this year .
this isn't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it's the cliffsnotes with pages missing .
worth a look as a curiosity .
this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through .
the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here .
it's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .
a film that suffers because of its many excesses .
the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .
if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
it's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
[siegel] and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .
genuinely touching because it's realistic about all kinds of love .
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
the streets , shot by cinematographer michael ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them .
some body will take you places you haven't been , and also places you have .
effective but too-tepid biopic
works because we're never sure if ohlinger's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .
impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy can't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . if i want music , i'll buy the soundtrack . if i want a real movie , i'll buy the criterion dvd .
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .
jacquot's tosca is a treat .
draggin' about dragons
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch . but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? ) just pound away .
it's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
a stylistic romp that's always fun to watch .
dolgin and franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-american girl with a brand new name in southern tennessee .
if this is satire , it's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook .
the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
[t]here's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , anne rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them .
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .
i'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .
for dance completists only .
denzel washington's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
it's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it's also pretty funny .
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .
we need [moore's] noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones .
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
schütte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
an animation landmark as monumental as disney's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .
occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao .
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on .
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
poetic , heartbreaking .
it doesn't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality .
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney's cutoffs .
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ? in a word -- yes .
in auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . "
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
the emperor's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises
the gags are often a stitch .
all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters .
an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . .
it's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie .
jirí hubac's script is a gem . his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephile's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .
there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
this would-be 'james bond for the extreme generation' pic is one big , dumb action movie . stress 'dumb . '
it's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u . s . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it's in french ( well , mostly ) with english subtitles and is magically 'significant' because of that .
branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
darkly funny and frequently insightful .
whether writer-director anne fontaine's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
it's tough to watch , but it's a fantastic movie .
the movie isn't always easy to look at . but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
what's missing is what we call the 'wow' factor .
far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .
the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .
in the end , punch-drunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did . sometimes , that's enough .
oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
must be seen to be believed .
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
a winning and wildly fascinating work .
the tonal shifts are jolting , and though wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
visually , 'santa clause 2' is wondrously creative .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional .
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis .
romanek keeps the film constantly taut . . . reflecting the character's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you hadn't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
life is a crock -- or something like it .
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .
nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .
there may have been a good film in " trouble every day , " but it is not what is on the screen .
workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
on a certain base level , blue crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he's well worth spending some time with .
chicago pode até ser um filme divertido e cativante ( como é ) , mas acaba representando um passo que vai na direção contrária à evolução dos musicais .
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty .
normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
. . . a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well .
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout — and meat loaf explodes .
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
sweet home alabama isn't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
while cherish doesn't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
. . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it's necessary .
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who aren't .
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
delirious fun .
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .
cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , the full monty , with something different .
a negligible british comedy .
suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .
no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .
the result is something quite fresh and delightful .
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents' anguish .
a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana .
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
an original little film about one young woman's education .
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .
despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity .
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film's characters .
there's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
a sports movie with action that's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
a pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
'de niro . . . is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
really quite funny .
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker's eye .
an enthralling , entertaining feature .
definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , isn't much fun without the highs and lows .
the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
a tasty slice of droll whimsy .
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
wishy-washy .
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .
it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , " orange county " is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma's scarface . that's a cheat .
oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
amazingly dopey .
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
feral and uncomfortable .
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite .
. . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
passable entertainment , but it's the kind of motion picture that won't make much of a splash when it's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .
a portrait of hell so shattering it's impossible to shake .
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf's encounter with the world .
manages to delight without much of a story .
imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
would benigni's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .
a worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant 'co-stars . '
. . . a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original .
a non-mystery mystery .
it's . . . worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .
it's splash without the jokes .
all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .
. . . mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return .
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . it's a scorcher .
sleek and arty .
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years .
it's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punch-drunk love .
a hideous , confusing spectacle , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future rice adaptations .
[johnnie to and wai ka fai are] sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
[p]artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together .
brosnan is more feral in this film than i've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .
exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos .
now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " .
its director's most substantial feature for some time .
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
it may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate .
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .
tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's work aspired to , including the condition of art .
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fully .
very predictable but still entertaining
it's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
jae-eun jeong's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .
only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry .
what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
. . . somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked .
on the surface , it's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz's and kieslowski's earlier work , films like the double life of veronique .
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . frank mcklusky c . i . is that movie !
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
among the year's most intriguing explorations of alientation .
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
a tv episode inflated past its natural length .
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .
godawful boring slug of a movie .
[a] stale retread of the '53 original .
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .
what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
. . . the good and different idea [of middle-aged romance] is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend " never again . "
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .
a true pleasure .
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the " gadzooks ! "
was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ?
the only thing to fear about " fear dot com " is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format .
the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second .
believability wasn't one of the film's virtues .
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , bartleby performs neither one very well .
like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness .
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster's path of destruction .
even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this !
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did .
davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that doesn't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine .
the film has [its] moments , but they are few and far between .
gets better after foster leaves that little room .
director david fincher and writer david koepp can't sustain it .
say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
slap her - she's not funny ! no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
because eight legged freaks is partly an homage to them , tarantula and other low- budget b-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and hellish conditions .
instead of contriving a climactic hero's death for the beloved-major- character-who-shall- remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
an almost unbearably morbid love story .
kenneth branagh's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly british playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in los angeles .
like leon , it's frustrating and still oddly likable .
for more than two decades mr . nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera . . .
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament .
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .
more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
bad company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script .
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep 'epic . '
leigh makes these lives count . and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches . . . gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
adam sandler's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
this is a great subject for a movie , but hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on .
i doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time christmas really rolls around , but maybe it'll be on video by then .
oh , it's extreme , all right . extremely dumb . extremely confusing . extremely boring .
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .
schrader examines crane's decline with unblinking candor .
a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
the unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too .
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr . holland's class for the music , or to robin williams's lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve .
those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations . . . are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from huppert and magimel .
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
it's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams writer/director/producer robert rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
yes , one enjoys seeing joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch , but her love for the philandering philip only diminishes her stature .
possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't .
the film is all over the place , really . it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .
a half-assed film .
children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we'd live in if argento's hollywood counterparts . . . had this much imagination and nerve .
i spied with my little eye . . . a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel .
somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional .
a painfully funny ode to bad behavior .
while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it's alarmingly current .
an utterly compelling 'who wrote it' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera's drama and lyricism .
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life .
in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
it's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it doesn't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was . . . hence , storytelling is far more appealing .
a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .
what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn .
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
for its 100 minutes running time , you'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
although it's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .
as relationships shift , director robert j . siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .
at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
despite its shortcomings , girls can't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .
i'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring .
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment . . . simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie . . . without neglecting character development for even one minute .
the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . .
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .
plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights .
neither parker nor donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula .
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens .
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm doesn't do a load of good .
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen .
i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
we've liked klein's other work but rollerball left us cold .
viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .
you cannot guess why the cast and crew didn't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella's reputation in the united states .
real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers .
" the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes .
feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .
a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .
what a pity . . . that the material is so second-rate .
by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic .
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .
ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
enigma is well-made , but it's just too dry and too placid .
it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
there's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
somehow ms . griffiths and mr . pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
a sequel that's much too big for its britches .
the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?
better to just call it abc kiarostami . for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
the film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .
a little too pat for its own good .
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
. . . a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
a coarse and stupid gross-out .
this new time machine is hardly perfect… yet it proves surprisingly serviceable . even at its worst , it's not half-bad .
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .
astonishing . . . [frames] profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you cannot separate them .
[t]oo many of these gross out scenes . . .
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
distinctly sub-par . . . more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
moving and vibrant .
an " o bruin , where art thou ? " -style cross-country adventure . . . it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
an opportunity missed .
if we're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they're clueless and inept ?
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now .
if only it were , well , funnier .
even if you feel like you've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to belushi's easy-going likableness .
after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .
what's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .
one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it's just too bad it doesn't have more flashes of insight .
vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't .
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .
the result is an 'action film' mired in stasis .
much of what we see is horrible but it's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid . . .
it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .
it's obvious [je-gyu is] trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .
it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .
not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies .
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial .
it's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones's diary .
somehow we're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become g . i . jane .
you're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .
witless and utterly pointless .
a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .
it's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it isn't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .
kurys never shows why , of all the period's volatile romantic lives , sand and musset are worth particular attention .
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version .
new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video .
the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance .
not at all clear what it's trying to say and even if it were – i doubt it would be all that interesting .
the modern remake of dumas's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke's artistic aspirations , but he hasn't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv's dawson's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years .
it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
as an actor's showcase , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
audacious-impossible yet compelling . . .
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic . . .
the heat of the moment prevails . it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
you won't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .
brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression .
at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
os universos de chuck barris e charlie kaufman são complementares . e igualmente fascinantes .
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production .
a melancholy , emotional film .
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films .
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with .
starts slowly , but adrien brody – in the title role – helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
a movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action tv series .
a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies . enigma lacks it .
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m . night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering barry's terrific performance .
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
with generic sets and b-grade special effects , jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as tv's defunct cleopatra 2525 .
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .
she's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
. . . the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it – as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better .
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . or intelligent .
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
it's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
too much of the humor falls flat .
lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun .
who is the audience for cletis tout ? anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
it's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers don't make often enough .
it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
when the first few villians are introduced as " spider " and " snake " you know you're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak .
. . . the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .
a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .
its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer .
merci pour le movie .
the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .
it's all a rather shapeless good time . . .
'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedias románticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '
pretty good little movie .
screenwriter chris ver weil's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .
it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
falls short in explaining the music and its roots .
it's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent electra rebellion .
a beautiful , entertaining two hours . you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that .
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard .
an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
a moving , if uneven , success .
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
it has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion . it risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .
no worse than a lot of the crap we've been offered this summer , and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go .
the situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .
it's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .
this movie got me grinning . there's a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
this concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned .
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .
a thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action . still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
while serving sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza , there's nothing here to match that movie's intermittent moments of inspiration .
remember the kind of movie we were hoping " ecks vs . sever " or " xxx " was going to be ? this is it .
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .
just a bloody mess .
paxton's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
i admire it and yet cannot recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
this one is a few bits funnier than malle's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
. . . a solid , well-formed satire .
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
the dangerous lives of altar boys' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
a very average science fiction film .
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail's pace .
. . . too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network .
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths . marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess .
a solidly entertaining little film .
. . . a rather bland affair .
ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a " 2 " at the end of its title .
a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .
no surprises .
there's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing .
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff .
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .
if steven soderbergh's 'solaris' is a failure it is a glorious failure .
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . there isn't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .
it's drab . it's uninteresting . it squanders chan's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt !
i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons !
. . . does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought .
de niro and mcdormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story's inability to create interest .
the best you can say about it is it's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .
the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?
without shakespeare's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
there's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong . this is an hour and a half of daydreaming .
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is [cattaneo] sophomore slump .
a well-acted , but one-note film .
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets .
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .
another week , another gross-out college comedy--ugh .
entertaining enough , but nothing new
hey , happy ! is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it's a love story as sanguine as its title .
sometimes smart but more often sophomoric .
while the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what's supposed to be a comedy .
it's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
. . . a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice's second installment of her vampire chronicles .
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained .
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .
john carlen's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .
a work of astonishing delicacy and force .
the film's essentially over by the meet-cute .
with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .
though harris is affecting at times , he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs . sever .
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
the action is reasonably well-done . . . yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
'alice's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
'aunque recurre a ciertos clichés del género , la poderosa actuación de robin williams perdona las fallas del guión . '
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .
both damning and damned compelling .
it's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment 'tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away' on this screenplay .
an amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction .
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
a relative letdown .
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . .
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
although sensitive to a fault , it's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
the story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing sayles dialogue .
it's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie . no , it's the repetition of said behavior , and so children of the century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else .
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure .
show me the mugging .
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .
attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted .
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who can't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .
reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty .
smart and taut .
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .
the truth about charlie is that it's a brazenly misguided project .
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
this is not chabrol's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .
seriously , rent the disney version .
even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
. . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party .
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
execrable .
the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming .
. . . the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
the film will appeal to discovery channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses .
sure , i hated myself in the morning . but then again , i hate myself most mornings . i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals . it's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past .
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
a dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours . . . a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle .
ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it .
i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story .
sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . one of the best of the year .
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ?
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , 'spy kids 2' is a visual treat for all audiences .
aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .
well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man's triumph of will into everyman's romance comedy .
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
. . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion .
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
. . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop hoot .
despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like [seinfeld's] revered tv show , about pretty much nothing .
as a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire . . . [sex and lucía] makes for an arousing good time .
without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale , maelström is just another winter sleepers .
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable .
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of " his girl friday , " maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , auto focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing .
ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and it's all over his chelsea walls .
mildly entertaining .
bang ! zoom ! it's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .
. . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
an enchanting spectacular for potter fans anxious to ride the hogwarts express toward a new year of magic and mischief .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
that it'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow ! is the kind of movie that's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
it virtually defines a comedy that's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while .
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol .
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .
the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph .
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
like all of egoyan's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
there's an admirable rigor to jimmy's relentless anger , and to the script's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there's no place for this story to go but down .
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .
when a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that's a bad sign . a very bad sign .
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
it is a likable story , told with competence .
the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .
a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .
yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a can't-miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash .
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it's supposed to feel funny and light .
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
it is nature against progress . in fessenden's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .
demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental .
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any " jackass " fan could want .
its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dare i say , entertaining !
. . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
É uma pena que , mais tarde , o próprio filme abandone o tom de paródia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichês que havia satirizado .
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker's flailing reputation .
. . . a guiltless film for nice evening out .
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity .
apparently writer-director attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .
between the drama of cube ? s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions — disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .
lisa rinzler's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
most of the action setups are incoherent .
more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . .
more than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .
loosely speaking , we're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
el título no engaña : la película narra una historia donde una mujer enfrentará cierta realidad , y donde el sexo es . . .
provide[s] nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue .
most impressive , though , is the film's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters' emotional wounds .
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
madonna still can't act a lick .
a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu .
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie doesn't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you'll be glad you went along for the ride .
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
it wouldn't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .
drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
if you're a crocodile hunter fan , you'll enjoy at least the " real " portions of the film . if you're looking for a story , don't bother .
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it's the best sequel since the empire strikes back . . . a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
[ " take care of my cat " ] is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
sparse but oddly compelling .
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
benigni presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and american breckin meyer's ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice .
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
the re- enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part .
though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected .
it's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .
less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .
' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
i'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man's right to raise his own children .
this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .
i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid .
if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time .
a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama .
allen's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
kinnear gives a tremendous performance .
like its predecessor , it's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .
will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts . . .
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm . . . the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
a perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy .
as a science fiction movie , " minority report " astounds .
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
goofy , nutty , consistently funny . and educational !
a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .
lurid and less than lucid work .
kinnear . . . gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life's ultimate losers .
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . .
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austen--and a hollywood-ized austen at that .
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series .
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
after a while , hoffman's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
for anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of hell houses in particular , it's an eye-opener .
while benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that .
the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse .
vera's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) .
i'm afraid you won't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather , you'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt .
the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .
cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .
murder by numbers just doesn't add up .
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie .
the irwins' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
shrewd but pointless .
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better .
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they're often undone by howard's self-conscious attempts to find a 'literary' filmmaking style to match his subject .
oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
a lot of the credit for the film's winning tone must go to grant , who hasn't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer .
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .
it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .
there's lots of cool stuff packed into espn's ultimate x .
a pint-sized 'goodfellas' designed to appeal to the younger set , it's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one's interest .
pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous .
puportedly " based on true events , " a convolution of language that suggests it's impossible to claim that it is " based on a true story " with a straight face .
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .
pure of intention and passably diverting , his secret life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
it's a charming and often affecting journey .
it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything . when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
visually fascinating . . . an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
the first bond movie in ages that isn't fake fun .
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't .
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time .
can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
no one can doubt the filmmakers' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .
bad in such a bizarre way that it's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
it ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of latin america's most oppressive regimes .
it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull .
in its own floundering way , it gets to you . just like igby .
martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .
a fascinating but choppy documentary .
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he'd gone the way of don simpson .
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece . . . so dull that its tagline should be : 'in space , no one can hear you snore . '
an impeccable study in perversity .
everything is off .
the cartoon that isn't really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that isn't really good enough to be in theaters .
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
it's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , couldn't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ‘em together here .
about one in three gags in white's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .
press the delete key .
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .
exploits [headbanger] stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
like kubrick , soderbergh isn't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
will no doubt delight plympton's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
. . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not .
a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake .
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
demme's loose approach kills the suspense .
it doesn't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than " confessions of a dangerous mind . "
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's .
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .
'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy's sledgehammer sap .
charming , if overly complicated . . .
there's a lot of good material here , but there's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .
daring and beautifully made .
there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .
it's everything you don't go to the movies for .
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
it's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
you live the mood rather than savour the story .
an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation .
compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .
the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .
simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one .
scotland , pa . blurs the line between black comedy and black hole .
frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes .
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j . wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
it's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that's often written off as indie film naturalism .
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
schnitzler's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness . . . but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it's in danger of going wrong .
a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures .
don't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk .
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
almost as offensive as " freddy got fingered . "
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
a life-size reenactment of those jack chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
there's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american . and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser .
it's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .
will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings .
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the " soon-to-be-forgettable " section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . it's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .
the bodily function jokes are about what you'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .
ah , the travails of metropolitan life ! alas , another breathless movie about same !
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . what results is the best performance from either in years .
i've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
as conceived by mr . schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .
provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already .
there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false .
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution .
if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
it's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie's rude and crude humor .
ms . phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming .
she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . .
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna .
the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died .
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
we get the comedy we settle for .
the dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .
the fact that the 'best part' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme's good films doesn't bode well for the rest of it .
critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .
it's still adam sandler , and it's not little nicky . and for many of us , that's good enough .
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , cannot overcome blah characters .
her fans walked out muttering words like " horrible " and " terrible , " but had so much fun dissing the film that they didn't mind the ticket cost . in this case zero .
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
all in all , the count of monte cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based .
muddled , trashy and incompetent
. . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter .
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .
the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
an intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .
it's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing .
[a] rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .
like mike is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real nba's off-season .
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .
this is so bad .
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .
sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre .
a gentle and engrossing character study .
an imaginative comedy/thriller .
while we want macdowell's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit .
one of the worst movies of the year .
more intimate than spectacular , e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .
davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is .
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . .
. . . the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters' suffering .
bluto blutarsky , we miss you .
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
it's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
a behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that's made a difference to nyc inner-city youth .
. . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . how about surprising us by trying something new ?
about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream .
it's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .
an incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar ( and peculiarly venomous ) bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy
this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play well then and it plays worse now .
best indie of the year , so far .
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks .
detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .
as written by michael berg and michael j . wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
it seems grant doesn't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all .
it's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
for a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , what to do in case of fire ? lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
a noble failure .
it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .
this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
overall , it's a pretty mediocre family film .
lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .
a crisp psychological drama [and] a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old " twilight zone " episode .
a marvel of production design .
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there .
the director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) .
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
it gives devastating testimony to both people's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
horrible
son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
a delirious celebration of the female orgasm .
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question 'why ? '
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
rabbit-proof fence will probably make you angry . but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that doesn't make you feel like a sucker .
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
. . . turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
it doesn't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes . it still feels like a prison stretch .
a minor work yet there's no denying the potency of miller's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
a movie that's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story's morals .
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .
despite its title , amy's orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one .
'unfaithful' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . too bad .
this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
the film is really not so much bad as bland .
though it's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans' saga of hollywood excess .
i think it was plato who said , 'i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
[crystal and de niro] manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .
two-bit potboiler .
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .
go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america .
an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best .
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .
'barbershop " is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
there's a reason the studio didn't offer an advance screening . " the adventures of pluto nash " is a big time stinker .
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary .
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything's in place but something's just a little off-kilter .
it's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time .
is " ballistic " worth the price of admission ? absolutely not . it sucked . would i see it again ? please see previous answer .
funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . "
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 ½ weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men .
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday .
godard uses his characters -- if that's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected .
a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas .
noyce's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls</> .
it's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic .
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? there's no good answer to that one .
these people wouldn't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis's wall of kitsch hard going .
. . . rogers's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in 'the ring . '
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .
if there's nothing fresh about wannabes , which was written by mr . demeo , who produced and directed the film with charles a . addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic .
it's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .
an amalgam of the fugitive , blade runner , and total recall , only without much energy or tension .
…a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason .
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
apallingly absurd . . . the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9 " black and white portable tv .
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
ahhhh . . . revenge is sweet !
a thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
a charmer from belgium .
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
it's endearing to hear madame d . refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
whether or not you buy mr . broomfield's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr . broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
it's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
the pairing does sound promising in theory . . . but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy .
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , #9 never quite ignites .
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling .
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
the film doesn't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
a major waste . . . generic .
like an episode of mtv's undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance . . . indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .
" cremaster 3 " should come with the warning " for serious film buffs only ! "
green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .
[creates] the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
it's got the brawn , but not the brains .
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .
they're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .
the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it doesn't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story . i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
meyjes focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the- making .
one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny .
at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .
when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ?
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
gondry's direction is adequate . . . but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman's script .
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
it's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences .
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
john mctiernan's botched remake may be subtler than norman jewison's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga . it's also stupider .
there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
like these russo guys lookin' for their mamet instead found their sturges .
shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out .
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
" what john does is heroic , but we don't condone it , " one of the film's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture's moral schizophrenia .
…passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road .
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology . but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
throw smoochy from the train !
a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget .
" the emperor's new clothes " begins with a simple plan . . . . well , at least that's the plan .
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .
the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .
it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
what i saw , i enjoyed .
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .
it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it .
this film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .
the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes .
[allen's] been making piffle for a long while , and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat .
the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension .
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .
i'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . there's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man's dying fall .
the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .
a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided .
. . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried .
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end .
the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work .
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim .
a weird , arresting little ride .
sex with strangers is fascinating . . .
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
i have a new favorite musical -- and i'm not even a fan of the genre
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .
the heightened symmetry of this new/old cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time .
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
the movie's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
quite frankly , i can't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .
the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .
broomfield turns his distinctive 'blundering' style into something that could really help clear up the case .
sadly , hewitt's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep .
third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby !
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
to enjoy this movie's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending .
michael moore's latest documentary about america's thirst for violence is his best film yet . . .
daughter from danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who aren't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .
reggio's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia .
stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately serving sara doesn't distinguish itself from the herd .
like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
once one experiences mr . haneke's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one's mouth , and little else .
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . but no .
some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
as it turns out , you can go home again .
by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad .
while i can't say it's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul's-eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .
portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay .
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he's already done way too often .
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date .
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
it's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . .
worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .
everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .
it's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it's implosion rather than explosion you fear .
a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch .
yet another genre exercise , gangster no . 1 is as generic as its title .
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr . murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin .
don't waste your money .
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
the directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that doesn't reveal even a hint of artifice .
as original and insightful as last week's episode of behind the music .
offers much to enjoy . . . and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends .
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse .
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
the movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself .
expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together .
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
[barry] gives assassin a disquieting authority .
the story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions .
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
the path ice age follows most closely , though , is the one established by warner bros . giant chuck jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie's release .
cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed .
acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
eerily accurate depiction of depression .
steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens--especially the a * * holes .
pascale bailly's rom-com provides amélie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest .
attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .
u . s . audiences may find [attal and gainsbourg's] unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts .
made by jackasses for jackasses .
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .
my wife's plotting is nothing special ; it's the delivery that matters here .
goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
if disney's cinderella proved that 'a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio's wallet makes .
[an] hilarious romantic comedy .
here's a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle .
by the end , i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .
supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy . alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
the whole thing's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .
. . . a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg's schindler's list . but mr . polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr . spielberg's 1993 classic .
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
ms . fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn .
it's an 88-minute highlight reel that's 86 minutes too long .
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want .
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies…or any other john woo flick for that matter .
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : young is cool , and too young is too cool .
it's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
rarely has a film's title served such dire warning .
despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .
a minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it's sort of true and it's sort of bogus and it's ho-hum all the way through .
it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film's impressive performances and adept direction aren't likely to leave a lasting impression .
human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control .
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year . unfortunately , they're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo's life imaginable .
the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .
the rock is destined to be the 21st century's new " conan " and that he's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal .
there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit .
it's a masterpiece .
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one's appetite for the bollywood films .
the sundance film festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing . 'tadpole' was one of the films so declared this year , but it's really more of the next pretty good thing .
a real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member .
don't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you don't have kids borrow some .
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers's title-bout features .
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and , hence , more chillingly effective .
like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that doesn't mean you won't like looking at it .
cinematic poo .
[l]ame and unnecessary .
on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .
. . . spiced with humor ( 'i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .
it's hard to imagine anybody ever being " in the mood " to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it's started .
montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .
the result is more depressing than liberating , but it's never boring .
it's not hateful . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .
sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn .
more precious than perspicacious
[a] rare , beautiful film .
let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers don't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . feel free to go get popcorn whenever he's not onscreen .
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood .
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes fatal attraction look like a classic by comparison ? that's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan's existence .
a semi-autobiographical film that's so sloppily written and cast that you cannot believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
well before it's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels .
what you get with empire is a movie you've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lead .
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called 'the gift of tears . '
i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings .
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner .
. . . an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly shouldn't hurt talented young gaghan's resume .
the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
. . . if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you're in for a painful ride .
i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .
the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales .
[t]his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why .
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications . . . that have no bearing on the story .
this isn't a narrative film -- i don't know if it's possible to make a narrative film about september 11th , though i'm sure some will try -- but it's as close as anyone has dared to come .
seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
if the film's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . it is also beautifully acted .
i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow .
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .
mr . parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . but it doesn't need gangs of new york .
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . .
martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .
if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta .
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they'd earn . they were right .
director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you'll find on a french poodle .
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away . it's a buggy drag .
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but " spider-man " certainly delivers the goods .
i'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back .
this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what [evans] had , lost , and got back .
the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
a captivating new film .
all that ( powerpuff girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it's spread too thin .
it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .
" collateral damage " goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment – until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer's 'divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that's not saying much .
ray liotta and jason patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but don't be fooled : nobody deserves any prizes here .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style laugh track .
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here . matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows ) .
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .
the fast runner' transports the viewer into an unusual space
feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
once [kim] begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .
if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
it's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake .
the year's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag . . .
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately .
this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted . . . deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
it's a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up . bravado kathy !
a gem of a movie .
this version moves beyond the original's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
a compelling film .
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
it's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
don't even bother to rent this on video .
ultimately , sarah's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back .
the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act .
a witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable " formula 51 " is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .
not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .
it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr . , but there isn't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky .
deflated ending aside , there's much to recommend the film .
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
an extremely unpleasant film .
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .
it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through .
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
[anderson] uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense .
( it ) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent , but spacey's .
it's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound .
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
a peculiar misfire that even tunney can't save .
it's not without its pleasures , but i'll stick with the tune .
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
so brisk is wang's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't .
. . . planos fijos , tomas largas , un ritmo pausado y una sutil observación de sus personajes , sin estridencias ni grandes revelaciones .
it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about .
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .
a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .
a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia's film history .
flawed but worthy look at life in u . s . relocation camps .
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
movie fans , get ready to take off . . . the other direction .
this time mr . burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
in the end , there isn't much to it .
it can't decide if it wants to be a mystery/thriller , a romance or a comedy .
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
more maudlin than sharp .
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .
a sequence of ridiculous shoot-'em-up scenes .
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it's a funny no-brainer .
" the kid stays in the picture " is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
it's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
. . . blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
a lovely film for the holiday season .
. . . a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
a boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk'n'slash .
too slow , too long and too little happens .
the determination of pinochet's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
it's difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing--i'm prepared to call it a draw .
a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .
both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas .
a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles .
it shows us a slice of life that's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
williams absolutely nails sy's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons .
like most of jaglom's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
[while the last metro] was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
the actors are fantastic . they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts .
for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear .
waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before .
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies .
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
one funny popcorn flick .
reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes .
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
this enthralling documentary . . . is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route .
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
. . . has virtually no script at all . . .
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
an infuriating film . just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others .
she may not be real , but the laughs are .
most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots . this one's weaker than most .
dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed .
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback's heidegger- and nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question . but this time there's some mold on the gold .
empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either .
i'm just too bored to care .
smith's point is simple and obvious -- people's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past .
uno de los policiales más interesantes de los últimos tiempos .
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
aggravating and tedious .
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
there's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .
twenty years later , reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task .
maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .
it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
' . . . despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it's approached with imagination and flair .
looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter's imagination .
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .
the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it's extremely well played and often very funny .
the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis .
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
none of birthday girl's calculated events take us by surprise . . .
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?
it's harmless , diverting fluff . but it's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
wait for it to hit cable .
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest 'tron' anderson , seems entirely improvised .
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film doesn't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown's life .
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
bourne , jason bourne . he can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he'll get the girl . he's super spy !
it won't bust your gut -- and it's not intended to -- it's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .
a movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil' bow wow .
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
one of the best rock documentaries ever . wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
replacing john carpenter's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . of all the halloween's , this is the most visually unappealing .
jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .
overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very imaxy .
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002's first great film
the film's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties .
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
frankly , it's kind of insulting , both to men and women . and it's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction .
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
despite the premise of a good story . . . it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes .
breen's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
a slick , engrossing melodrama .
this is really just another genre picture .
the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works .
steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it .
odd and weird .
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
make like the title and dodge this one .
in many ways , reminiscent of 1992's unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .
this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border .
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
. . . fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
[serry] wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . it's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ? as hannibal would say , yes , 'it's like having an old friend for dinner' .
it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j . k . rowling's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
it's hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .
a puzzling experience .
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability . . . all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he's not trying to laugh at how bad it
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league .
the casting of raymond j . barry as the 'assassin' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger's impressive fake documentary .
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has- been-told-a- thousand-times- before movie .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .
you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade .
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
. . . best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report .
everyone's to blame here .
chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . it's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 .
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .
. . . a well-observed and disturbing little movie
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes .
seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy .
[russell] makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards .
mildly amusing .
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .
haneke keeps us at arm's length . guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure .
whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment .
though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work .
a flawed but engrossing thriller .
maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived .
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue . . . accentuating , rather than muting , the plot's saccharine thrust .
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . it's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose .
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
it's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
japanese director shohei imamura's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .
i won't argue with anyone who calls 'slackers' dumb , insulting , or childish . . . but i laughed so much that i didn't mind .
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
touché !
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking … because you get it .
malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son's home after decades away .
you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
if sinise's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .
a miraculous movie , i'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam'ron seal the deal .
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma .
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare's plays .
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy .
my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts . she must have a very strong back .
douglas mcgrath's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .
the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera's attention to detail .
it's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon .
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
the film's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
it's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . but on the whole , you're gonna like this movie .
i don't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it's a dish that's best served cold .
it's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .
the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . .
when not wallowing in its characters' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
'opening up' the play more has partly closed it down .
[it's] a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy .
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .
it's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled 'the loud and the ludicrous' . . . the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .
`hey arnold ! ' has some visual wit . . . but little imagination elsewhere .
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
it's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
" looking for leonard " just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
if you're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .
observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout maelstrom .
an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense .
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of " the lord of the rings " trilogy is so huge that a column of words cannot adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson's expanded vision of j . r . r . tolkien's middle-earth .
what an embarrassment .
lee jeong-hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i couldn't help being captivated by it .
essentially a collection of bits -- and they're all naughty .
this remake of lina wertmuller's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .
if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
there is truth here
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
there's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale .
you've already seen heartbreak if you've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard . even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
kidman is really the only thing that's worth watching in birthday girl , a film by the stage-trained jez butterworth ( mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of british comedies in the post-full monty world .
the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .
the problem with this film is that it's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .
there's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
a witty , low-key romantic comedy .
the recording session is the only part of the film that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom .
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .
this engrossing , characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .
. . . familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . reyes' word processor .
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama .
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
sweet and memorable film .
in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy .
[macdowell] ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog's works , invincible shows he's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
trapped won't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .
it's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .
viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther's story is a compelling quest for truth .
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
the film's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .
it's just a little too self-satisfied .
a moving and important film .
the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive .
it's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way .
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what's left of his passe' chopsocky glory .
dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .
a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .
moretti's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? into how long is this movie ?
any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes .
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .
the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting .
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching .
chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer .
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time .
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are 'german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .
fulford-wierzbicki . . . deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
. . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
a well-acted movie that simply doesn't gel .
the tale of tok ( andy lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o ( takashi sorimachi ) , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .
ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism .
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
the good is very , very good . . . the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .
a poignant and compelling story about relationships , food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects .
a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories .
it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter .
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like " the addams family " to everyone looking in . . . " my big fat greek wedding " comes from the heart . . .
. curiously , super troopers suffers because it doesn't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .
it takes you somewhere you're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it's surprisingly old-fashioned .
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
dreary tale of middle-class angst
it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .
fred schepisi's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
we started to wonder if … some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine .
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .
parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core .
sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .
seems like someone going through the motions .
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
maybe leblanc thought , " hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . "
brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors . . . by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable .
about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men .
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice's complex akasha into a cartoon monster .
is office work really as alienating as 'bartleby' so effectively makes it ?
has its moments , but it's pretty far from a treasure .
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .
i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . that's why sex and lucia is so alluring .
an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers .
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .
a cartoon that's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .
i've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we've got something pretty damn close .
what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess .
. . . wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
high on melodrama . but it's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?
shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .
to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist .
triumph of love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree .
it is an indelible epic american story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple .
a highly spirited , imaginative kid's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he's afraid of his best-known creation ?
it should be doing a lot of things , but doesn't .
'the film is stark , straightforward and deadly . . . an unnatural calm that's occasionally shaken by . . . blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
perhaps it's cliche to call the film 'refreshing , ' but it is . 'drumline' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious .
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts doesn't mean it's good enough for our girls .
this is a good movie in spurts , but when it doesn't work , it's at important times .
it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture .
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original .
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably wouldn't be too crazy with his great-grandson's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .
don michael paul uses quick-cuts , ( very ) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double ( for seagal ) .
just like hearst's enormous yacht , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
the performances are an absolute joy .
an incredibly low-rent danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
. . . brian de palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . it's a beautiful madness .
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we've been watching for decades
count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
a beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get .
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .
as green-guts monster movies go , it's a beaut .
the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film
a riveting story well told .
the more kevin costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like dragonfly tossed at them .
what could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale – as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters .
i admired this work a lot .
dissing a bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick .
too clever by about nine-tenths .
put it somewhere between sling blade and south of heaven , west of hell in the pantheon of billy bob's body of work .
the band performances featured in drumline are red hot . . . [but] from a mere story point of view , the film's ice cold .
a perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little lilo & stitch had in spades -- charisma .
i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .
it's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
the pianist is polanski's best film .
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
. . . although this idea is " new " the results are tired .
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .
ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .
further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya's axis of evil .
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . that , in itself , is extraordinary .
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .
when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails .
if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
a wonderful character-based comedy .
a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
. . . with " the bourne identity " we return to the more traditional action genre .
the chocolate factory without charlie .
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful .
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didn't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism .
all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .
the photographer's show-don't-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .
makes for some truly odd , at times confusing , kids entertainment . . . but at least this time there's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff .
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal .
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
. . . wise and elegiac . . .
it's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff .
[the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .
lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian .
'pocas ideas interesantes , un final pseudo místico que no corresponde al tono general del filme y que deja una sensación de inconformidad que hace pensar más de una vez si vale la pena ir a la taquilla y reclamar el precio del boleto . '
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
it drowns in sap .
a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you don't want to be .
like mike doesn't win any points for originality . it does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .
a lovely film . . . elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic . . . hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source's complexity .
it is definitely worth seeing .
' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
este é apenas mais um ( longo ) episódio do programa da mtv . a única diferença é que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas .
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you don't have to .
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling . . . recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question .
though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album .
i can't recommend it . but it's surprisingly harmless .
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .
. . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .
it doesn't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes . i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman .
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . stealing harvard can't even do that much . each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
those of you who don't believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original . well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
. . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
under-rehearsed and lifeless
your response to its new sequel , analyze that , may hinge on what you thought of the first film .
as the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .
any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
culkin , who's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie . . . tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
a visionary marvel , but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
romanek's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
. . . understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation .
just because it really happened to you , honey , doesn't mean that it's interesting to anyone else .
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
some actors steal scenes . tom green just gives them a bad odor . this self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard , but he's the most obvious one .
[a] crushing disappointment .
until ( the ) superfluous . . . epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , die another day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any james bond thriller .
not everything works , but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies .
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone .
in the book-on-tape market , the film of " the kid stays in the picture " would be an abridged edition
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
it's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .
when seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , i wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , 'hey , kool-aid ! '
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita .
" analyze that " is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
cho's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience . her delivery and timing are flawless .
moonlight mile doesn't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i wouldn't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
the film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next .
serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
some of seagal's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot .
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .
an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .
it's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't .
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser .
. . . the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless . it's the perfect kind of film to see when you don't want to use your brain . at all .
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic .
using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead .
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath . . .
thoroughly awful .
the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller .
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .
like a soft drink that's been sitting open too long : it's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood's comic-book adaptations .
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off- broadway play .
" one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? " um… . . isn't that the basis for the entire plot ?
noyce has worked wonders with the material .
the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end .
generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down .
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it doesn't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde's wit and the actors' performances .
a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller .
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one .
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
the unexplored story opportunities of " punch-drunk love " may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson .
it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
a listless and desultory affair .
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
. . . a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i can't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
" the best disney movie since the lion king "
it helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .
the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
slow and ponderous , but rohmer's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption .
it's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show .
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed .
would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power .
it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms .
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
the long-range appeal of " minority report " should transcend any awards it bags . this is one for the ages .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success .
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us .
it's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the american people to see what a candidate is like when he's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech .
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .
although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers .
throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
a decidedly mixed bag .
a quiet , pure , elliptical film
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film .
your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .
a spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages .
a hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .
opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist's death bed and doesn't get much livelier in the three hours in between .
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol's most intense psychological mysteries .
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
with its hint of an awkward hitchcockian theme in tact , harmon's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
the film's strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
at about 95 minutes , treasure planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story . however , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with stevenson's tale as well as with earlier disney efforts .
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) .
light the candles , bring out the cake and don't fret about the calories because there's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of " the isle " you'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
fantastic !
raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .
any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors .
doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
it represents better-than-average movie-making that doesn't demand a dumb , distracted audience .
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he isn't talking a talk that appeals to me .
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules .
it's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from " promising " to " interesting " to " familiar " before landing squarely on " stupid " .
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
there's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
completely awful iranian drama . . . as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
yakusho and shimizu . . . create engaging characterizations in imamura's lively and enjoyable cultural mix .
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur .
begins as a promising meditation on one of america's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt .
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit won't be disappointed .
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky's diaries .
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet's " house of games " and last fall's " heist " so much fun .
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire .
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , tuck everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .
although barbershop boasts some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ‘70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
a flick about our infantilized culture that isn't entirely infantile .
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
it's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .
too daft by half . . . but supremely good natured .
'no es la mejor cinta de la serie , ni la mejor con brosnan a la cabeza , pero de que entretiene ni duda cabe . '
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
. . . ( like ) channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie .
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too .
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill .
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies .
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor
got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . .
[stevens is] so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
it's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this " two weddings and a funeral " fun .
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . i can't .
an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind .
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema .
the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .
strange and beautiful film .
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .
whether kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore .
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
there is no insight into the anguish of heidi's life -- only a depiction of pain , today's version of greek tragedy , the talk-show guest decrying her fate .
simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
a film that will enthrall the whole family .
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
what makes this film special is serry's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
if you're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director's life , eisenstein delivers .
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
if you think that jennifer lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry ben affleck , wait till you see maid in manhattan .
the movie doesn't add anything fresh to the myth .
[u]nrelentingly stupid .
a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard .
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
mostly martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it's a pleasurable trifle . the only pain you'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
. . . stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
it is quite a vision .
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s . c . , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
roman coppola may never become the filmmaker his dad was , but heck – few filmmakers will . but based on cq , i'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer's coming-of-age .
it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave's career . it deserves to be seen everywhere .
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore . but as a movie , it's a humorless , disjointed mess .
each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .
with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , killing me softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it's-good camp .
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
renner ? s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance . see it for his performance if nothing else .
the whole mildly pleasant outing -- the r rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of tim allen .
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly " unfilmable " novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures .
the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there's just not much lurking below its abstract surface .
. . . the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation . there's already been too many of these films . . .
stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
the cast . . . keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
the biggest problem with roger avary's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director's cut glory , he's made a film that's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
a true-blue delight .
. . . the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes " what time is it there ? " something the true film buff will enjoy .
here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get .
only in its final surprising shots does rabbit-proof fence find the authority it's looking for .
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short .
none of his actors stand out , but that's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere .
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
this is carion's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .
it's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
the movie's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .
a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense .
the movie is like scorsese's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old 'juvenile delinquent' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story ) and johnny dankworth's best soundtrack in years .
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story .
the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of todd solondz .
if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
martin scorsese cria um espetáculo visual que não possui alma - um filme esteticamente belo , mas emocionalmente frio .
" roger michell ( " notting hill " ) directs a morality thriller . "
despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another .
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
unflinchingly bleak and desperate
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .
a fascinating and fun film .
it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner .
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to .
director paul cox's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
it's all pretty tame . the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
at least it's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .
the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic .
[westbrook] makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
this movie may not have the highest production values you've ever seen , but it's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
eight legged freaks ? no big hairy deal .
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . .
rifkin's references are . . . impeccable throughout .
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j . k . rowling's books .
it's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments .
ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card .
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong . . . it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera .
the piano teacher is not an easy film . it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
director benoit jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with tosca , conveys the heaving passion of puccini's famous love-jealousy- murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .
it's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and cliché .
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in 'baran . '
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
" brown sugar " admirably aspires to be more than another " best man " clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
lejos del paraíso es al mismo tiempo una fiesta para los ojos y oídos y un movilizador cuadro de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios .
dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one .
call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .
sweet home alabama " is what it is – a nice , harmless date film . . .
there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder .
. . . an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you'll wonder if lopez's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
'men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise .
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art .
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy's holes , and the scripters don't deserve any oscars . but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but . not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea isn't funny .
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
includes too much obvious padding .
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion .
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
all mood and no movie .
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
as an actor , the rock is aptly named .
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
one can't deny its seriousness and quality .
rubbo's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , [crane] becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed .
has all the depth of a wading pool .
originality is sorely lacking .
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , [harris] brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .
cool ? this movie is a snow emergency .
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
you should pay nine bucks for this : because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected . dramas like this make it human .
brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will .
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
" the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws .
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
what 'dumb and dumber' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .
what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb .
director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ? -- but certainly hard to hate .
you could love safe conduct ( laissez passer ) for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long . you could hate it for the same reason .
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .
there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
tennessee williams by way of oprah's book club .
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii .
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
refreshing .
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
a comic gem with some serious sparkles .
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that's not merely about kicking undead * * * , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .
mr . polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .
much monkeyfun for all .
yet another weepy southern bore-athon .
subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano teacher is a daring work of genius .
a film that loses sight of its own story .
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving . . .
an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
'carente de imaginación , mal dirigida , peor actuada y sin un ápice de romance , es una verdadera pérdida de tiempo y dinero'
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here . the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that's all that matters .
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood .
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
formuliac , but fun .
gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ? moot point .
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
" simone " is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime . . . and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that .
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work .
it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
if you're a fan of the series you'll love it and probably want to see it twice . i will be .
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
the film's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments .
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who's ever had family trauma .
not the best herzog perhaps , but unmistakably herzog .
anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .
those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight .
. it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . .
intriguing and downright intoxicating .
at its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .
though the film is static , its writer-director's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
. . . a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces don't quite fit together .
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time .
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino .
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see .
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .
it's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director's previous full frontal .
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .
i walked away not really know who " they " were , what " they " looked like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care .
the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students .
it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured .
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director's previous popcorn work .
clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie .
if it's seldom boring , well , it's also rarely coherent .
. . . an inviting piece of film .
. . . creates a visceral sense of its characters' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above . . . what could have been a melodramatic , lifetime channel-style anthology .
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes won't still be tapping .
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
is truth stranger than fiction ? in [screenwriter] charlie kaufman's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .
audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones .
" the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store "
renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins .
ecks this one off your must-see list .
offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works .
the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
if you've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .
to the film's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .
newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept – a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
when 'science fiction' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasn't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .
the saturation bombing of reggio's images and glass' evocative music . . . ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful .
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
a worthwhile documentary , whether you're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .
the film's messages of tolerance and diversity aren't particularly original , but one can't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
if you're not totally weirded- out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , quitting hits home with disorienting force .
the ending is a cop-out . what happens to john q ? i don't have an i am sam clue .
it's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress .
it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
even horror fans will most likely not find what they're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts .
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr . lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
a by-the-numbers patient/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .
sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .
the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but wasn't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .
lapaglia's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .
mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
a subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; the pianist does not .
it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .
a warm , funny , engaging film .
it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
this is a very fine movie -- go see it .
the tenderness of the piece is still intact .
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
hilarious , acidic brit comedy .
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
[an] absorbing documentary .
its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?
too close to phantom menace for comfort .
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it can't really be called animation .
morrissette's script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but it doesn't signify a whole lot either .
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it's awfully entertaining to watch .
knows how to make our imagination wonder .
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki's spirited away survives intact in bv's re-voiced version .
deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter 'uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
the messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
has a solid emotional impact .
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of 'ethnic cleansing . '
despite the film's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark .
it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
it's jagger's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .
star wars is back in a major way .
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .
an escapist confection that's pure entertainment .
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .
[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material .
a funny film .
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
the quiet american isn't a bad film , it's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters .
even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat .
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago . . . has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
a drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it's the ultimate redneck road-trip .
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you're over 100 .
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
it's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable .
'linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project . . . '
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it .
weiss and speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real—she can't provide any conflict .
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
. . . silly humbuggery . . .
a teasing drama whose relentless good-deed/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
. . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then .
. . . the film suffers from a lack of humor ( something needed to balance out the violence ) . . .
something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .
an extraordinarily silly thriller .
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
uncommonly stylish but equally silly . . . the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .
. . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle .
a quiet , disquieting triumph .
aside from rohmer's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
according to the script , grant and bullock's characters are made for each other . but you'd never guess that from the performances .
you will likely prefer to keep on watching .
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
[a] thoughtful , visually graceful work .
[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
this film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience .
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . it's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy .
haneke's script ( from elfriede jelinek's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
a droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats .
this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through .
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler .
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .
[reaches] wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
maguire is a surprisingly effective peter/spider-man .
that storytelling has value cannot be denied . not even solondz's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
less than fresh .
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes .
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
frankly , it's pretty stupid . i had more fun with ben stiller's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever . but there's plenty to offend everyone . . .
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow's car .
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .
presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . it falls far short of poetry , but it's not bad prose .
the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
the film's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .
the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .
this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash .
the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it .
. . . tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope .
catch it . . . if you can !
between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
. . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention .
by the time we learn that andrew's turnabout is fair play is every bit as awful as borchardt's coven , we can enjoy it anyway .
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong's versatile stanley kwan .
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
brian tufano's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
the movie is . . . very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
it's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .
like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .
mais um momento inspirado de david fincher .
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed 'the french lieutenant's woman . '
here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad .
there are a few stabs at absurdist comedy . . . but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an iranian specialty .
director clare kilner's debut is never as daft as it should have been .
proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
even if you're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
the dramatic crisis doesn't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but huppert's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way .
the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct .
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory .
a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we're never sure how things will work out .
the creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts' haunting is routine .
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
the new faces are interesting , but the old story isn't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted .
there's a lot to recommend read my lips .
you expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup .
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
under 15 ? a giggle a minute . over age 15 ? big fat waste of time .
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
godard's ode to tackling life's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess . . . in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money . the charming result is festival in cannes .
tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .
if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you -– decasia
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage's war-weary marine .
this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .
the climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
the movie bounces all over the map .
[a] soulless , stupid sequel . . .
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .
it's definitely a step in the right direction .
thanks to the château's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark's dogma movement .
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .
pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r . abrams , in their feature debut .
the talents of the actors helps " moonlight mile " rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing .
neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost .
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world's most generic rock star .
that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums .
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills .
red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin .
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'empowerment . '
norton holds the film together .
it's a cool event for the whole family . maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
once again , director jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action/effects on the spectacular scale .
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .
unfortunately , carvey's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .
one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in .
too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
director-writer bille august . . . depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey martin's deterioration and barbara's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .
jeffrey tambor's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .
comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
just not campy enough
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . they just don't work in concert .
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
both the crime story and the love story are unusual . but they don't fit well together and neither is well told .
a sterling film - a cross between boys don't cry , deliverance , and ode to billy joe - lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard , but that film is yet to be made .
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .
conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' . . . where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
has a plot full of twists upon knots . . . and a nonstop parade of mock-tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill .
this horror-comedy doesn't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count elvira's hooters .
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun .
birot's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with christophe honoré ) isn't so much bad as it is bland .
a few hours after you've seen it , you forget you've been to the movies .
one of the best movies of the year .
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
twohy's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche .
[hawn's character]is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten .
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters' striving solipsism .
the film occasionally tries the viewer's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
. . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film .
for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand .
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .
any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .
it's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
this rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that's about all it does well .
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick
in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man's monster movie .
myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another .
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music .
resident evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail .
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
. . . what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
the movie gets muted and routine .
it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
. . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise !
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve .
far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place . . . innocent and well-meaning .
an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece .
sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth .
opera on film is never satisfactory . the art demands live viewing . the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre . but what about the countless other people who'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ?
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .
the cold turkey would've been a far better title .
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
summer's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion 'grandeur' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film . and just when you think it can't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane .
in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .
day is not a great bond movie , but it is a good bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical bond knock-offs .
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .
narc may not get an 'a' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor .
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action .
a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course .
the re-release of ron howard's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
an incoherent jumble of a film that's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
the formula is familiar but enjoyable .
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
a small movie with a big heart .
it's probably not easy to make such a worthless film . . .
it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia .
it's easy to love robin tunney -- she's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic .
this sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .
it's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family .
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
while not all that bad of a movie , it's nowhere near as good as the original .
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .
it's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi .
all's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags .
not even the hanson brothers can save it
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they're simply not funny performers .
the doofus-on- the-loose banter of welcome to collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content isn't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
a charming , banter-filled comedy . . . one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters — damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical " bedknobs and broomsticks , " which also dealt with british children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .
the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare .
the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances .
we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
. . . jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just isn't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead's specific gifts .
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ?
not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
[t]he film is never sure to make a clear point – even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
the movie's blatant derivativeness is one reason it's so lackluster .
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while . . .
a mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original .
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman's tragic odyssey .
you . . . get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years .
throughout , mr . audiard's direction is fluid and quick .
i saw knockaround guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanish-american war . . . it's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink .
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
a joyous occasion
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
if there's one thing this world needs less of , it's movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldn't pass an entrance exam .
in spite of good housekeeping's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film .
well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
this is one of polanski's best films .
silly , loud and goofy .
this isn't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
. . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
though its atmosphere is intriguing . . . the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .
a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see " simone , " and consider a dvd rental instead .
if you're burnt out on it's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you're looking for . it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
freundlich's made [crudup] a suburban architect , and a cipher .
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .
with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better .
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
it's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year . . . a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that isn't afraid to admit it doesn't have all the answers .
the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' .
exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven… [the film] addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .
home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do . besides , real movie producers aren't this nice .
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
a film of quiet power .
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?
truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before .
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
the picture doesn't know it's a comedy .
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .
but buying into sham truths and routine " indie " filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie . it's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . .
gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
tells ( the story ) with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot's persnickety problems is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood .
formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
. . . salaciously simplistic .
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp !
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .
the film didn't convince me that calvin jr . 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago's south side .
its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .
even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs . -west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto .
demands too much of most viewers .
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .
you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down .
the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles .
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasn't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .
it's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
with tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , miller's film is one of 2002's involvingly adult surprises .
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
the master of disaster - it's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .
the leanest and meanest of solondz's misanthropic comedies .
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal .
it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding .
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
a highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world .
calculated swill .
if you've got a house full of tots -- don't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
it's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make just a kiss seem minty fresh .
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than " bladerunner " and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .
[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .
snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids .
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script's bad ideas and awkwardness .
finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .
for anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man's response to stroke , ram dass : fierce grace is worth seeking out .
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh's best films , " erin brockovich , " " out of sight " and " ocean's eleven , " never were .
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie's darker turns .
a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings .
i can only imagine one thing worse than kevin spacey trying on an irish accent , and that's sultry linda fiorentino doing the same thing .
writer-director burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .
sucking all the 'classic' out of robert louis stevenson's treasure island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and disney-fied adolescent angst . . .
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
the filmmakers' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls' environment .
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions . . . feel silly rather than plausible .
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable .
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them .
can't seem to get anywhere near the story's center .
a modestly surprising movie .
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
robert harmon's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in -the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film's thick shadows .
too much power , not enough puff .
a sour , nasty offering .
mordantly funny and intimately knowing . . .
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions .
i liked this film a lot . . .
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life's harshness .
any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .
this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : al pacino loathing robin williams .
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .
feeble comedy .
worthy of the gong .
nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
[fincher's] camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat .
all in all , it's a pretty good execution of a story that's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
the pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and things heat up only in the movie's final scenes .
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
wobbly senegalese updating of " carmen " which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
munch's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . his scenes are short and often unexpected .
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun .
for anyone who grew up on disney's 1950 treasure island , or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor .
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .
polished , well-structured film .
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .
this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
'tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
recalls quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion .
kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .
nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood .
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
decent but dull .
too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing .
playfully profound . . . and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .
an intoxicating experience .
more honest about alzheimer's disease , i think , than iris .
this is the first film i've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .
an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .
we could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the " wild ride " that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history : war , revolution , communism , etc .
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior . . . circuit gets drawn into the party .
it will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth .
there's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
there's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film's simple title .
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we're seeing something purer than the real thing .
a jewish ww ii doc that isn't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! who knew . . .
another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead .
call me a cynic , but there's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
…the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life . a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive .
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority .
arnold's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects .
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
it's the sweet cinderella story that " pretty woman " wanted to be .
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
pray has really done his subject justice .
the script kicks in , and mr . hartley's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow .
neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
great story , bad idea for a movie .
a well-crafted letdown .
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
my own minority report is that it stinks .
the kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated .
the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
a feel-good movie that doesn't give you enough to feel good about .
an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
[sports] admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
writer/director john mckay ignites some charming chemistry between kate and jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it's disastrous and kate's jealous female friends become downright despicable .
what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
it's better than the phantom menace . but unless you're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it isn't much fun .
about schmidt belongs to nicholson . gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances . as schmidt , nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .
it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , " i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !
it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
the piano teacher is the sort of movie that discourages american audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .
don't plan on the perfect ending , but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .
generally , clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
both heartbreaking and heartwarming . . . just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it's tremendously moving .
katz's documentary doesn't have much panache , but with material this rich it doesn't need it .
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed .
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .
drowning's too good for this sucker .
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
the film makes a fatal mistake : it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life .
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story .
a mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel .
i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
nair just doesn't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
we want the funk - and this movie's got it .
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
" bad " is the operative word for " bad company , " and i don't mean that in a good way .
try as i may , i can't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , 'thank you ! ' when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .
a movie that harps on media-constructed 'issues' like whether compromise is the death of self… this orgasm [won't be an] exceedingly memorable one for most people .
insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it doesn't disgrace it , either .
it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides .
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .
having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version .
an exhilarating serving of movie fluff .
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that wasn't at least watchable . but it's also disappointing to a certain degree .
thoroughly enjoyable .
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .
the actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them .
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
nice piece of work .
evelyn's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
morvern rocks .
feels less like it's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers .
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ?
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like . . . but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .
candid camera on methamphetamines .
the inevitable double- and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both .
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .
thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men .
as bundy , michael reilly burke ( octopus 2 : river of fear ) has just the right amount of charisma and menace .
better than the tepid star trek : insurrection ; falls short of first contact because the villain couldn't pick the lint off borg queen alice krige's cape ; and finishes half a parsec ( a nose ) ahead of generations .
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms . redgrave's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
despite these annoyances , the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
a surprisingly 'solid' achievement by director malcolm d . lee and writer john ridley .
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
this story still seems timely and important . and there's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene's story ends .
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
if religious films aren't your bailiwick , stay away . otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
this franchise has not spawned a single good film . the crap continues .
parris' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of aliens .
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
elegant and eloquent [meditation] on death and that most elusive of passions , love .
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid .
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
a deep and meaningful film .
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following .
occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional almodóvar style .
post 9/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom first " might not be as palatable as intended .
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible .
britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all .
it's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
it's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .
if it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
if this story must be told and retold -- and indeed it must -- then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .
this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed .
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment . still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .
pumpkin wants to have it both ways .
returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy .
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr . deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less- than-likely new york celebrities . . . certainly raises the film above anything sandler's been attached to before .
the film is a fierce dance of destruction . its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works .
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .
. . . a roller-coaster ride of a movie
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
as unseemly as its title suggests .
mild , meandering teen flick .
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .
oscar caliber cast doesn't live up to material
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change .
as well-acted and well-intentioned as all or nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .
biggie and tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .
taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
'anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .
the wwii drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .
it's all about anakin . . . and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
worse than 'silence of the lambs' better than 'hannibal'
. . . a pretentious mess . . .
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears . . . should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it's more like entertainment for trolls .
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack .
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen .
utter mush . . . conceited pap .
as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs .
never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful .
an earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s .
it's a count for our times .
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight .
the plot combines the blues brothers and almost famous ( but with bears , and a g rating ) , with an excruciating dollop of disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure .
it's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way .
a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
gere gives a good performance in a film that doesn't merit it .
there isn't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .
. . . liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . too bad .
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .
red dragon " never cuts corners .
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .
even though it's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you can't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company's astonishing growth .
. . . an interesting slice of history .
it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past .
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . in other words , it's badder than bad .
[taymor] utilizes the idea of making kahlo's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . this isn't a new idea . it's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
this isn't a " friday " worth waiting for .
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
there's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen .
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin' down .
bartlett's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel .
reassuring , retro uplifter .
despite the fact that this film wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it's still not a good movie
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength .
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs .
a frustrating 'tweener' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , 'lovely ! brilliant ! '
it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .
the rare imax movie that you'll wish was longer than an hour .
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most 'right-thinking' films .
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .
from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat .
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler's many talents .
it's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .
it seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less .
'moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
the film's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place .
looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon .
slight but enjoyable documentary .
'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean .
not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted .
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .
nair's cast is so large it's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
the bourne identity shouldn't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld's real life is boring .
what's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ? well , it's not as pathetic as the animal .
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
obligada para impotentes , daneses , camareras italianas , profesores de idiomas , y todo aquel que desee una lengua para expresar su amor .
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .
the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .
. . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 .
it doesn't help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel .
most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for shearer's radio show and his simpson voice-overs .
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship .
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple — he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better .
brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc . , without the latter's imagination , visual charm or texture .
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .
there's . . . an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm .
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products .
so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
there's some outrageously creative action in the transporter . . . [b]ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
it's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that isn't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
[allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .
this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
the director's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that's low on both suspense and payoff .
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
… is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri . i had to look away - this was god awful .
a very charming and funny movie .
a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty .
despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development .
fans of so-bad-they're-good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .
solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
the film's real appeal won't be to clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .
uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .
perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .
been there done that .
it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that [jaglom] pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice .
there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government/ marine/legal mystery , and that's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
if you're in the mood for a bollywood film , here's one for you .
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .
don't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it's anti-catholic . hate it because it's lousy .
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens .
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
the fourth " pokemon " is a diverting--if predictable--adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world's delicate ecological balance .
an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . .
whereas oliver stone's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous .
o Último suspeito ganha força ao também funcionar em uma esfera adicional : a do drama familiar .
it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong .
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
adam sandler's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
just plain silly .
wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of hubert's punches ) , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn .
fulfills the minimum requirement of disney animation .
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .
[fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall] show us the world they love and make us love it , too .
crikey indeed .
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .
the best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
is it a total success ? no . is it something any true film addict will want to check out ? you bet .
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor .
if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen . this isn't my favorite in the series , still i enjoyed it enough to recommend .
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .
a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .
a real clunker . a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear .
you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 .
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment hasn't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .
all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
the umpteenth summer skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house .
ferrara's best film in years .
the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny .
the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .
there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television .
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .
a dreadful live-action movie .
a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .
at its best when the guarded , resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center .
the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch .
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
it's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
behan's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
a tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man's tortured soul .
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say .
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .
adam sandler ! in an art film !
director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . .
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley's least accessible screed yet .
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess .
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell .
one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
boyd's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .
two hours fly by -- opera's a pleasure when you don't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class .
a fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in japanese animation .
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .
festers in just such a dungpile that you'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .
directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ?
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
it's a gag that's worn a bit thin over the years , though don't ask still finds a few chuckles .
an unclassifiably awful study in self- and audience-abuse .
if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman can't save it .
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater .
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
. . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
truly terrible .
it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .
. . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . .
those unfamiliar with mormon traditions may find the singles ward occasionally bewildering .
even better than the first one !
films are made of little moments . changing lanes tries for more . it doesn't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement .
auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic . schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
comes . . . uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .
flawed , but worth seeing for ambrose's performance .
it's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
tailored to entertain !
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing . . . but she and writing partner laurence coriat don't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama .
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb .
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .
it's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , [yet] are worthwhile .
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of 'eh . '
as teen movies go , " orange county " is a refreshing change
unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me . i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
you'll end up moved .
exhilarating but blatantly biased .
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .
it's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice .
no wonder they're talking about " talk to her . " it's astonishing .
is the time really ripe for a warmed-over james bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ?
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
i can't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
apuestas fuertes para el futuro del director , y apuestas bien fundadas , pues la suerte ya la tiene , y la cinta lo comprueba . . . .
a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .
melanie eventually slugs the yankee . too bad the former murphy brown doesn't pop reese back .
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors' workshop that it is .
there's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
an awfully good , achingly human picture .
feels shrill , simple and soapy .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further .
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . if you're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again . it's 51 times better than this .
it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise .
bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
one of the best , most understated performances of [jack nicholson's] career .
boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world's democracie
[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .
never [sinks] into exploitation .
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
originality ain't on the menu , but there's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .
a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .
the messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated old testament tale of jonah and the whale . determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor didn't quite engage this adult .
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
. . . built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
if you want to see a train wreck that you can't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter .
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
[i]f you've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you've already seen this kind of thing .
sit through this one , and you won't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you .
dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ?
the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .
at a brief 42 minutes , we need more x and less blab .
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
if you're a wwf fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a . i . , you'll probably like rollerball .
an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .
the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers .
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .
it looks good , but it is essentially empty .
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . big time .
velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .
drug abuse , infidelity and death aren't usually comedy fare , but turpin's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
mr . deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
[jackson and bledel] seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the [teen comedy] genre a bad name .
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now . . . and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
jaglom . . . put[s] the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
this english-language version . . . does full honor to miyazaki's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
i've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it's not that big a deal .
a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .
it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
graham greene's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
. . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers .
the rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it's more comedy than suspense de palma creates .
meant for star wars fans . it is there to give them a good time .
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
parker holds true to wilde's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness .
there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
the santa clause 2's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .
'[the cockettes] provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
the premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them .
allen se atreve a atacar , a atacarse y nos ofrece gags que van de la sonrisa a la risa de larga duración
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .
featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the same period as kaufmann's " quills " with more unsettlingly realistic results .
good ol' urban legend stuff .
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters .
it made me feel unclean , and i'm the guy who liked there's something about mary and both american pie movies . oh , and booty call .
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .
the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .
wes craven's presence is felt ; not the craven of 'a nightmare on elm street' or 'the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of 'deadly friend . '
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?
an ambitious movie that , like shiner's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that don't come off .
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .
like a grinning jack o' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
pull[s] off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .
the only thing " swept away " is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .
despite its visual virtuosity , 'naqoyqatsi' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
i'm not saying that ice age doesn't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .
as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense .
for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .
[a] real pleasure in its laid-back way .
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
. . . no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
the screenplay sabotages the movie's strengths at almost every juncture . all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable .
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
hard , endearing , caring , warm . bring tissues .
a film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick .
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy !
as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint .
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license .
a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that's hard to resist .
a real snooze .
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms . paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , david arquette .
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
. . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .
the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr . desplechin is content to state it .
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's .
though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility .
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
with three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it's enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
morton deserves an oscar nomination .
a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
a well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
it's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you don't try to look too deep into the story
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
boldly engineering a collision between tawdry b-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , rose's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad .
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
walter hill's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros . b picture , and i mean that as a compliment .
griffiths proves she's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x .
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on " the simpsons " has .
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
i couldn't recommend this film more .
now here's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud .
these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining .
while you have to admit it's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out " when you're a jet , you're a jet all the way , " it's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to " tonight . "
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .
a quietly reflective and melancholy new zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl's life .
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . vulgar is too optimistic a title .
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement doesn't match his ambition .
it's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .
[t]he script isn't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent .
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown .
one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro .
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie .
based on dave barry's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters' moves and overlapping story .
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
an exhilarating experience .
funny but perilously slight .
the film's performances are thrilling .
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop .
it's so good that you can practically see the hollywood 'suits' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too -inevitable american remake .
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins .
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
frida's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it's among the most breathtakingly designed films i've ever seen .
the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on .
spain's greatest star wattage doesn't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you've actually spent time living in another community .
funny and touching .
unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such 'have-yourself-a-happy-little-holocaust' movies as life is beautiful and jakob the liar , the grey zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in auschwitz .
a " black austin powers ? " i prefer to think of it as " pootie tang with a budget . " sa da tay !
[lawrence bounces] all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .
an inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u . s . relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .
there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies .
merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women's expense .
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
a chick flick for guys .
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
long after you leave justine , you'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean .
it's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
the innocence of holiday cheer ain't what it used to be .
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .
[garbus] discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet .
i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
goes on and on to the point of nausea .
it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland .
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .
the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
whereas last year's exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .
god help the poor woman if attal is this insecure in real life : his fictional yvan's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse .
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .
this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience .
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .
below is well below expectations .
as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .
a by-the-numbers effort that won't do much to enhance the franchise .
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
all too familiar . . . basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when 'angels with dirty faces' appeared in 1938 .
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .
ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis .
both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie .
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there's something creepy about this movie .
. . . a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .
grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .
a porn film without the sex scenes .
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
. . . a bland , pretentious mess .
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
the movie's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . killing time , that's all that's going on here .
if you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , sweet home alabama is diverting in the manner of jeff foxworthy's stand-up act .
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai's vaunted empathy .
below may not mark mr . twohy's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
ou've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you'll have a good time with this one too .
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
never inspires more than an interested detachment .
a fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy .
the setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of " intacto's " dangerous and seductively stylish game .
" on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .
it's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly won't win any honors .
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty .
too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes .
almost peerlessly unsettling .
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm . maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .
it's like an old warner bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make , though bette davis , cast as joan , would have killed him .
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained " big moment " will occur and not " if . "
a potent allegorical love story .
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
mr . wollter and ms . seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .
directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves aren't all that interesting .
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . and diesel isn't the actor to save it .
debut effort by " project greenlight " winner is sappy and amateurish .
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . the thing just never gets off the ground .
mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .
denis and co-writer michele petin's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing . lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
a sexy , surprising romance . . . idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair . . . their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
even die-hard fans of japanese animation . . . will find this one a challenge .
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie . . . is that he obviously doesn't have his heart in it .
. . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
. . . a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs – sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
sexy and romantic .
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious . it's too bad nothing else is .
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust .
a mess . the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen .
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago . . .
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished .
assayas' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne's novel .
as crimes go , writer-director michael kalesniko's how to kill your neighbor's dog is slight but unendurable .
it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
a tone poem of transgression .
everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte , and everything that has to do with yvan's rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels funny and true .
sheridan's take on the author's schoolboy memoir . . . is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
a tremendous piece of work .
even with its $50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie .
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
diane lane's sophisticated performance can't rescue adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice .
it cannot be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull . yes , dull .
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
certainly the performances are worthwhile .
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it .
the film's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it's called where's chris tucker when you need him ?
the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .
reyes' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it's undone by a sloppy script
it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
what will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 .
director nancy savoca's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .
very well-written and very well-acted .
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . .
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass .
macdowell . . . gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she's ever done .
the great pity is that those responsible didn't cut their losses – and ours – and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home .
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
will only satisfy those who can't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly .
at its best , it's black hawk down with more heart . at its worst , it's rambo- meets-john ford .
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
a worthwhile way to spend two hours .
the best film of the year 2002 .
there's just no currency in deriding james bond for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy's club .
entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera's half-hour cartoons ever were .
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism .
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great ‘what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
schindler's list it ain't .
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge .
the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .
there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .
shreve's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2-hour , dissipated length .
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
kinnear's performance is a career-defining revelation .
donovan . . . squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career .
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " madness " so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device .
by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what's possible and what we might do to make it so .
rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences .
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .
in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
it's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best 'old neighborhood' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
even if you don't know the band or the album's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
surprisingly powerful and universal .
this is a film living far too much in its own head .
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play .
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , karen sprecher , don't seem ever to run out of ideas .
the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next .
dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm .
the impulses that produced this project . . . are commendable , but the results are uneven .
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
it won't be long before you'll spy i spy at a video store near you .
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .
offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
" the dangerous lives of altar boys " has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . we don't even like their characters .
a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that doesn't always jell with sean penn's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
mr . spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .
the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
berry's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making " die another day " one of the most entertaining bonds in years
a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess .
" frailty " offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . and , there's no way you won't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated .
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
the cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the festival of lights as mr . deeds was to that of frank capra .
there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional .
a long-winded , predictable scenario .
a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle .
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive . . .
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
. . . a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
'god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
ms . seigner and mr . serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
the film's center will not hold .
with lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- max is static , stilted .
a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists .
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family .
belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film .
hugh grant's act is so consuming that sometimes it's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .
'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ?
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
if this is an example of the type of project that robert redford's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it's time to rethink independent films .
a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .
dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .
witty , touching and well paced .
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better .
the funny thing is , i didn't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .
it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair .
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .
a boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .
teen movies have really hit the skids .
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it's john turturro , who's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish .
a witty , whimsical feature debut .
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
davis . . . gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women .
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .
other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf .
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience .
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
it's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
the stories here suffer from the chosen format .
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
a sudsy cautionary tale .
there's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown .
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .
[i]t's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop isn't as funny as it should be .
the only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare .
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald's , let alone some savvy street activism .
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .
not always too whimsical for its own good ( but enough to do harm ) , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs .
the bourne identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups .
despite auteuil's performance , it's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
may take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but if you have the patience for it , you won't feel like it's wasted yours .
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
brilliantly explores the conflict between following one's heart and following the demands of tradition .
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france's most inventive directors .
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
roman polanski's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than 'shindler's list' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie .
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland .
there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film .
nonsensical , dull " cyber-horror " flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .
[fessenden] is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills
. . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture .
unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller .
the star who helped give a spark to " chasing amy " and " changing lanes " falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer's new action film , " the sum of all fears . "
the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
new best friend's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . it's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
you're better off staying home and watching the x-files .
long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
. . . strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as [jason bourne] .
it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right .
nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath's version of 'nicholas nickleby' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
one thing's for sure—if george romero had directed this movie , it wouldn't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
it's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
shunji iwai's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
you don't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that's the mark of a documentary that works .
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
a gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life .
do you say " hi " to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you won't care .
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .
nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and showtime is crammed full of them .
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .
ihops don't pile on this much syrup .
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that .
davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .
shallow , noisy and pretentious .
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .
i don't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . but i do .
it may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .
a thinly veiled look at different aspects of chinese life clashing with each other .
beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
hardly an objective documentary , but it's great cinematic polemic . . . love moore or loathe him , you've got to admire . . . the intensity with which he's willing to express his convictions .
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession – one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed .
the central story lacks punch .
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the kurdish refugees of iran's borderlands .
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
the drama discloses almost nothing .
too clumsy in key moments . . . to make a big splash .
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
an absurdist spider web .
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club .
granddad of le nouvelle vague , jean-luc godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary . . .
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture .
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .
contradicts everything we've come to expect from movies nowadays . instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
'easily my choice for one of the year's best films . '
a . . . cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .
this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
charlotte sometimes is a gem . it's always enthralling .
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .
el peso de un líquido incoloro , el peso del líquido vital , del amor como elemento de vida , y de muerte . . .
the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .
a working class " us vs . them " opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .
run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more .
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing .
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective .
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
mr . clooney , mr . kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd . it's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .
to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation .
intelligent and moving .
dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver .
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire .
desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .
hey , who else needs a shower ?
not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were .
trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .
although estela bravo's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
if i spy were funny ( enough ) or exciting ( enough ) then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it's trying to reap from the moviegoing public .
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ?
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its " dead wife communicating from beyond the grave " framework is even remotely new or interesting .
rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical .
a worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
it strikes hardest… when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . fifty years after the fact , the world's political situation seems little different , and [director phillip] noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i'm all for that .
[t]he ideas of revolution #9 are more compelling than the execution
windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . .
it's a grab bag of genres that don't add up to a whole lot of sense .
like being trapped at a perpetual frat party . . . how can something so gross be so boring ?
[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
a smart , witty follow-up .
if you've the patience , there are great rewards here .
a good thriller .
if you don't flee , you might be seduced . if you don't laugh , flee .
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
it's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
for all its serious sense of purpose . . . [it] finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy .
for all the complications , it's all surprisingly predictable .
. . . has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor — but it's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
the mantra behind the project seems to have been 'it's just a kids' flick . ' translation : 'we don't need to try very hard . '
that is essentially what's missing from blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point .
it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .
broder's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller/horror genre .
a film with a great premise but only a great premise .
leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness .
if you're really renting this you're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you're interested in anne geddes , john grisham , and thomas kincaid .
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . any rock pile will do for a set . reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
at nearly three hours , the whole of safe conduct is less than the sum of its parts .
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .
while scorsese's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that " gangs " is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored . . . audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
[at least] moore is a real charmer .
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
. . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time .
arty gay film .
consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept .
la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rápidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
the biggest problem with this movie is that it's not nearly long enough .
if only merchant paid more attention the story .
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who's seen george roy hill's 1973 film , " the sting . "
by-the-numbers yarn .
a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
i can't quite recommend it -- it's too patched together -- but i almost can ; it's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it .
i enjoyed time of favor while i was watching it , but i was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
like a can of 2-day old coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz .
it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making .
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs . sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
psychologically revealing .
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
'wouldn't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it's like on the other side of the bra ? '
a wordy wisp of a comedy .
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .
a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .
ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .
it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .
" frailty " has been written so well , that even a simple " goddammit ! " near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag .
its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces . . . are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half . still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .
may be spoofing an easy target -- those old '50's giant creature features -- but . . . it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing .
while there's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .
[a] strong piece of work .
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . but , for that , why not watch a documentary ?
it's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
it's a film that's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio's animated classics .
so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
it's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
a movie that at its best doesn't just make the most out of its characters' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding .
the problem is not that it's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
boy oh boy , it's a howler .
admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch . for caine lovers only .
not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .
the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan's madness .
warm and exotic .
watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and that its story just isn't worth telling .
the movie's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . it doesn't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
it's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
it remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ?
has its share of arresting images .
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it . we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
leigh's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .
it bites hard .
too often , the viewer isn't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
degenerates into hogwash .
though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
the film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .
fancy a real downer ? [leigh] lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race .
equilibrium is what george orwell might have imagined had today's mood-altering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949 .
the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .
parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion
the movie's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
beautifully produced .
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
black-and-white and unrealistic .
the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera .
[sen's] soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .
has none of the crackle of " fatal attraction " , " 9 ½ weeks " , or even " indecent proposal " , and feels more like lyne's stolid remake of " lolita " .
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
bond-inspired ? certainly . likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? let's hope not .
will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look .
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star .
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .
sam jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man's ruin may be another's fortune .
do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor .
while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
sure , it's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it's never as solid as you want it to be .
. . . too dull to enjoy .
a serviceable euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom — handguns , bmws and seaside chateaus .
madonna has made herself over so often now , there's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson's nose .
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
whether [binoche and magimel] are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria .
when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily .
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured .
some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the ball and chain .
it's better than mid-range steven seagal , but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblades .
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of " 7th heaven . "
one of the year's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .
what's not to like about a movie with a 'children's' song that includes the line 'my stepdad's not mean , he's just adjusting' ?
this isn't a stand up and cheer flick ; it's a sit down and ponder affair . and thanks to kline's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood's dirty harry period .
its one-sidedness . . . flirts with propaganda .
rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation .
the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .
( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .
it made me realize that we really haven't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since . . . well . . . since last week's reign of fire .
the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace .
a french film with a more down-home flavor .
visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i . q . than when i had entered .
[a] satisfying niblet .
there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter .
bullock's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it .
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences… the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .
the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ? wouldn't one about their famous dad , author of death in venice , etc . , be more valuable ?
more trifle than triumph .
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that's shapeless and uninflected .
a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . chances are you won't , either .
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
clever but not especially compelling .
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .
this film's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .
the film truly does rescue [the funk brothers] from motown's shadows . it's about time .
wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .
the film's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency . it's just filler .
hip-hop has a history , and it's a metaphor for this love story .
a movie that can't get sufficient distance from leroy's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
it's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most american representations of castro .
sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary .
quite funny for the type of movie it is . . .
bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception .
'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .
this is a picture that maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .
the journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie .
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era's creme de la celluloid .
a movie that's held captive by mediocrity . not bad , but not all that good . bacon keeps things interesting , but don't go out of your way to pay full price .
the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
insanely hilarious ! i haven't laughed that hard in years !
an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .
dogtown and z-boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become " the punk kids' revolution . "
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagal's character . . . performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we're not watching a double .
has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that .
ozpetek's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard's immortal plays were written by somebody else .
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . it's too bad that the rest isn't more compelling .
one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time .
[there's] quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
. . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .
although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale .
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there's not enough to the story to fill two hours .
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today's cinema du sarcasm
fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever .
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
. . . pitiful , slapdash disaster . a doa dud from frame one .
hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares .
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer .
the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .
a lot smarter than your average bond .
visually captivating .
despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who aren't looking for them .
full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience .
the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect .
perhaps the grossest movie ever made . funny , though .
banal and predictable .
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .
. . . the implication is kissinger may have decided that — when it comes to truncheoning — it's better to give than to receive .
lazily directed by charles stone iii . . . from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .
sluggish , tonally uneven .
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
while mcfarlane's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films . . . it's also so jarring that it's hard to get back into the boys' story .
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton's ever-watchful gaze -- and it's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
witless but watchable .
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
watching haneke's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
yet another iteration of what's become one of the movies' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally " superior " friends , family . . .
the movie feels like it's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens .
doesn't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
i simply can't recommend it enough .
it's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
nelson's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not very well done .
es triste tener que decirles que lo único grato de la cinta es el cuerpo desnudo de la heather . . .
[clooney's] debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested .
tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness .
all three women deliver remarkable performances .
anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because [solondz's] cool compassion is on the border of bemused contempt .
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year .
cusack's just brilliant in this .
twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone .
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation .
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains .
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
walsh can't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
if you are curious to see the darker side of what's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there's nothing very attractive about this movie .
if the message seems more facile than the earlier films , the images have such a terrible beauty you may not care .
hart's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently can't quite decide which character .
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
[city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of 'analyze this' ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year .
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .
like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
an ugly , revolting movie .
i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles .
even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .
an extraordinary dramatic experience .
for a good chunk of its running time , trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
though writer/director bart freundlich's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup's anchoring performance .
i can't say that i liked homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way .
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .
[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles – several of them .
lyne's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
it's a very valuable film . . .
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 .
a wry , affectionate delight .
it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering .
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie .
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy .
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
compellingly watchable .
too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .
the message of such reflections--intentional or not--is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .
at the bottom rung of the series' entries .
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . it's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
the movie's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman's barking-mad taylor to thewlis's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell's hard-eyed gangster .
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock .
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life .
a woman's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to .
a genuine mind-bender .
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?
barely gets off the ground .
it's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters .
a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory .
de ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
a tasty masala .
despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
if the movie were all comedy , it might work better . but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
i know i shouldn't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .
the issue of faith is not explored very deeply
[næs] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it's the very definition of epic adventure .
'enigma' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . a waste of good performances .
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them .
without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
as steamy as last week's pork dumplings .
a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran .
bon appétit ! just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies – from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .
is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan . he may have meant the internet short saving ryan's privates . but windtalkers doesn't beat that one , either .
. . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .
we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again .
do not see this film .
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema .
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
it's quite diverting nonsense .
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since " saving private ryan " have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
a three-hour cinema master class .
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
i'll go out on a limb . it isn't quite one of the worst movies of the year . it's just merely very bad .
can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .
if you like peace , you'll like promises .
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . the ring never lets you off the hook .
nothing about this movie works .
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy .
sweet home alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of [witherspoon's] better films .
the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross's turn as ken .
has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .
a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
easier to respect than enthuse over , andersson's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ?
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
for a shoot-'em-up , ballistic is oddly lifeless .
morton is , as usual , brilliant .
at its best ( and it does have some very funny sequences ) looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .
shadyac shoots his film like an m . night shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension .
if your senses haven't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .
the story and structure are well-honed . fresnadillo's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that won't go away .
enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd .
what happened with pluto nash ? how did it ever get made ?
for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . she's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesn't reveal an inner life .
[the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
reggio's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad .
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte's web of desire and desperation .
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
it's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true 'epic' .
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
little more than a frothy vanity project .
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento ( a producer here ) , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .
the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
what would jesus do if he was a film director ? he'd create a movie better than this .
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
the most horrific movie experience i've had since " can't stop the music . " it may as well be called " jar-jar binks : the movie . " it's that painful .
if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
it's a frankenstein-monster of a film that doesn't know what it wants to be .
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire .
there's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
it's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
though catch me if you can isn't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie .
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .
duvall is strong as always .
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video --with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .
still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at 'face value' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .
comedy troupe broken lizard's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .
the best film about baseball to hit theaters since field of dreams .
a quaint , romanticized rendering .
as a film director , labute continues to improve .
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics .
a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .
this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .
what " empire " lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .
as the movie traces mr . brown's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
go see it and enjoy .
wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award .
two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more's the pity .
it's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
lacks dramatic punch and depth .
this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
like shrek , spirit's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli . . . ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent's days
there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
so clichéd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart .
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen .
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down . and that should tell you everything you need to know about all the queen's men .
it's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout ? is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
a tender , heartfelt family drama .
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
a masterpiece four years in the making .
the film has a childlike quality about it . but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
it believes it's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile .
[grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle .
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
farrell . . . thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to willis's world-weary colonel .
it's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
. . . an enjoyably frothy 'date movie' . . .
it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does .
like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all .
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to .
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation .
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams , trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies .
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .
the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .
" home movie " is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast .
the beautiful , unusual music is this film's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust .
an impressive hybrid .
worth the effort to watch .
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach'ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary .
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , 'this is going to be something really good . ' and it is .
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected . in fact , it's quite fun in places .
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together .
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .
by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , i found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .
though the film's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare .
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but brown sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .
like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .
'the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller .
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people . . . manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
graphic sex may be what's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .
no one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best . and if you're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you've got ice water in your veins .
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also one of the most curiously depressing .
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again .
the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .
during the tuxedo's 90 minutes of screen time , there isn't one true 'chan moment' .
the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that didn't sell many records but helped change a nation .
escapism in its purest form .
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
. . . ice age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that won't win many fans over the age of 12 .
with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .
slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious .
the pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film can't help but go soft and stinky .
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .
as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
murder by numbers' isn't a great movie , but it's a perfectly acceptable widget .
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . it's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
a wildly entertaining scan of evans' career .
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they can't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
a pleasant romantic comedy .
so routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program .
this piece of channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .
more a gunfest than a rock concert .
it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there's something there . it's that good .
there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again .
fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored .
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
it's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film's shooting schedule waiting to scream : " got aids yet ? "
although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan .
it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
woody , what happened ?
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
as if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , kathryn bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness . her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds .
pompous and garbled .
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .
see it now , before the inevitable hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .
'they' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i'm still stunned . and i've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?
in my opinion , analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this , but it is a respectable sequel .
[javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama .
chris columbus' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
what with the incessant lounge music playing in the film's background , you may mistake love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song .
. . . a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind--maybe too much .
these two are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector .
if you liked such movies as notting hill , four weddings and a funeral , bridget jones' diary or high fidelity , then you won't want to miss about a boy .
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .
so original in its base concept that you cannot help but get caught up .
although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
displaying about equal amounts of naiveté , passion and talent , beneath clouds establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .
i'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up .
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
so verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-tv movie .
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers . . .
hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .
this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one .
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .
it's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that's been given the drive of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .
with a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , lovely & amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
death might be a release .
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from josh koury .
not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be " how does steven seagal come across these days ? " or maybe " how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ?
as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .
uneven but a lot of fun .
suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood .
ofrece una buena oportunidad de cultura ( aunque sea condensada ) que bien vale la pena aprovechar .
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line .
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year .
the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .
a real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us don't know .
the next generation of mob movie . part low rent godfather . part three stooges .
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
while this film has an 'a' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
this is not an easy film . but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
. . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
there's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .
director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
if a big musical number like 'praise the lord , he's the god of second chances' doesn't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr . besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms . shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
a gripping drama .
the film's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9/11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind .
going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie .
the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .
while the story's undeniably hard to follow , iwai's gorgeous visuals seduce .
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .
a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .
'if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in- the-blanks with a tragic past .
this is not a jackie chan movie . it's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . and that makes all the difference .
. . . a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .
this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u . ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .
to the degree that ivans xtc . works , it's thanks to huston's revelatory performance .
if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday .
aan opportunity wasted .
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
'stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . '
trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .
. . . may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . this scarlet's letter is a . . . as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
'synthetic' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
he's the scariest guy you'll see all summer .
the new film of anton chekhov's the cherry orchard puts the 'ick' in 'classic . '
an offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .
finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .
as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there's nothing to drink .
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it .
a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't exactly favour the audience .
. . . its stupidities wind up sticking in one's mind a lot more than the cool bits .
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . it may even fall into the category of films you love to hate . i admit it , i hate to like it .
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
. . . in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it doesn't disappoint .
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
schaefer's . . . determination to inject farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective .
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that's superficial and unrealized .
britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
'lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and contrived .
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
if there's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , i think it's in projects like the ( unfortunately r-rated ) paid .
a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .
the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles .
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest .
in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .
showtime isn't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film . a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 .
alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
the film's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .
like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling .
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away .
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .
this is as powerful a set of evidence as you'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .
a fifty car pileup of cliches .
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director .
for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .
may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country .
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
by and large this is mr . kilmer's movie , and it's his strongest performance since the doors .
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month's end , is tepid and tedious .
it's clear the filmmakers weren't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .
director roger michell does so many of the little things right that it's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it . wait for video -- and then don't rent it .
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
mattei so completely loses himself to the film's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
i hate this movie
the filmmaker's heart is in the right place . . .
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
the movie isn't just hilarious : it's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it isn't even all that dumb .
it's unlikely we'll see a better thriller this year .
this is amusing for about three minutes .
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .
" mostly martha " is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .
can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced .
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative .
the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime .
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem .
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet . for benigni it wasn't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio . it might as well have been problem child iv .
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned .
a different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling .
recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david's point of view .
[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
it's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
the story itself is actually quite vapid .
watching this film , what we feel isn't mainly suspense or excitement . the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia .
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .
witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john mckay can swallow .
shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary .
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy . . .
an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career .
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
supposedly , pokemon can't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
it never fails to engage us .
an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent .
it's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
the premise itself is just sooooo tired . pair that with really poor comedic writing . . . and you've got a huge mess .
something has been lost in the translation . . . another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . if you're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches isn't exactly endearing .
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
. . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic .
a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
. . . begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
we are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .
ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . and neither do cliches , no matter how 'inside' they are .
a compelling journey . . . and " his best friend remembers " is up there with the finest of specials .
the movie's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . .
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . but it would be better to wait for the video . and a very rainy day .
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
'si bien no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama , tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales . '
'es en verdad una pena que mandoki esté realizando cintas tan malas desde hace algún tiempo , pues talento tiene , pero quién sabe dónde lo tiene escondido . '
those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .
episode ii-- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
unfortunately , it appears that [jackie] chan's us influence is starting to show in his hong kong films .
needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey .
choppy , overlong documentary about 'the lifestyle . '
what you would end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender . but that's just the problem with it - the director hasn't added enough of his own ingredients .
an unflinching look at the world's dispossessed .
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere .
the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director peter kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
meyjes . . . has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
extremely bad .
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
maid in manhattan proves that it's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
a recipe for cinematic disaster . . . part quentin tarantino , part guy ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it's all bad .
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book .
you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings .
an enjoyable above average summer diversion .
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
how on earth , or anywhere else , did director ron underwood manage to blow $100 million on this ?
" feardotcom " has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker .
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society . . . might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
when a film is created solely because it's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result . let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second .
hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? i didn't think so .
bring on the sequel .
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
. . . the movie is just a plain old monster .
the movie's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
so few movies explore religion that it's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .
what's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that's tv sitcom material at best .
ararat feels like a book report
both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .
the comedy is nonexistent .
. . . while the humor aspects of 'jason x' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .
it's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
sturdy , entertaining period drama . . . both caine and fraser have their moments .
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .
insomnia is involving . still , i thought it could have been more .
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .
helps to remind the first world that hiv/aids is far from being yesterday's news .
are monsters born , or made ?
these characters become wearisome .
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
this is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .
it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex . this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
after making several adaptations of other writers' work , armenian-canadian director atom egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject .
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
[a] devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .
old-form moviemaking at its best .
eight legged freaks won't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love . . .
mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest .
it's as if you're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .
[ramsay] visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a 'back story . '
while [roman coppola] scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .
those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they don't really want to know .
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
the film's implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john .
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
you may be galled that you've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal .
" 13 conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow .
while this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth .
tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
you'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
the film's lack of personality permeates all its aspects — from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
you could say that it's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldn't , but one thing you couldn't say is that alias betty is predictable .
it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya .
credit must be given to harland williams , michael rosenbaum and barry watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe . . . the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .
this limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
often likable , but just as often it's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .
. . . post-september 11 , " the sum of all fears " seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what- time-it-is tedious .
legendary irish writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .
hollywood's answer to an air ball .
" juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually .
it's another retelling of alexandre dumas' classic . why ? who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
delightfully rendered
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .
the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter .
" sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .
it's not just a feel-good movie , it's a feel movie . you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .
" spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . if you're a comic fan , you can't miss it . if you're not , you'll still have a good time . "
part comedy , part drama , the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole .
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich .
it's immensely ambitious , different than anything that's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it's trying to do .
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
insufferably naive .
disjointed parody .
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
best described as i know what you did last winter .
just isn't as weird as it ought to be .
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .
director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson's magnolia and david lynch's mulholland dr .
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
there is a kind of attentive concern that hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital .
a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master's steady stroke .
the film's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
it's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it's about as exciting as a sunburn .
green ruins every single scene he's in , and the film , while it's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .
though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed . . . that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr . schepisi's seems skimpy and unclear .
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie .
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
[plays] in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .
the film may appear naked in its narrative form . . . but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the catholic doctrine
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .
an awkward hybrid of genres that just doesn't work .
what started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .
while the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target .
the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield .
it's one long bore .
once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
even the imaginative gore can't hide the musty scent of todd farmer's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship .
partway through watching this saccharine , easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show .
" my god , i'm behaving like an idiot ! " yes , you are , ben kingsley .
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
it's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
a truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values .
rates an 'e' for effort -- and a 'b' for boring .
prurient playthings aside , there's little to love about this english trifle .
fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life .
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan .
i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent's complaint .
i don't think i laughed out loud once . and when you're talking about a slapstick comedy , that's a pretty big problem .
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998's whatever .
exciting documentary .
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .
it just didn't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) .
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
my thoughts were focused on the characters . that is a compliment to kuras and miller . if i had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong .
like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .
everything else about high crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
deserving of its critical backlash and more .
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really doesn't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .
utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .
tartakovsky's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
it's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone's head
sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology .
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists .
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .
even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
might have been better off as a documentary , with less of mr . eyre's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .
. . . with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . .
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable .
a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney .
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
smarter than its commercials make it seem .
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it's documenting .
by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please !
gran historia sobre el amor , la familia , la lealtad y la traición que seguramente se convertirá en un nuevo clásico del género .
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
brave and sweetly rendered love story .
theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
. . . hypnotically dull .
a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .
who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you .
the camera whirls ! the camera twirls ! oh , look at that clever angle ! wow , a jump cut !
this thing is just garbage .
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .
bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
though it's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .
a plodding teen remake that's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
a incompetência de marcus adams como roteirista só é superada por sua péssima direção .
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man's quest to find an old flame .
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy .
it's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr . mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
[gai] comes closer to any actress i can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .
when the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility .
beers , who , when she's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall . . . [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures .
mr . wedge and mr . saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well . their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i'd hoped the movie would avoid .
like mike isn't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net .
a dreary rip-off of goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans .
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it isn't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .
where last time jokes flowed out of cho's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .
weird , vulgar comedy that's definitely an acquired taste .
what's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
ranks among willams' best screen work .
it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut .
it is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some . i haven't seen one in so long , no wonder i didn't recognize it at first .
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
it is ridiculous , of course . . . but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us .
it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .
more vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid .
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .
it's exactly what you'd expect .
what better message than 'love thyself' could young women of any size receive ?
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv's big brother .
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin' .
it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .
despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end .
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end . . . you almost don't notice the 129-minute running time .
in his u . s . debut , mr . schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
nair doesn't treat the issues lightly . she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
the original wasn't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
though it's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .
a very pretty after-school special . it's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
. . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags .
if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still wouldn't add up to the time required to boil a four- minute egg .
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet's mouth .
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , 'swimfan' left me with a very bad feeling .
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .
a disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a 'bad' police shooting .
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it doesn't make any sense .
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema's capability for recording truth .
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l . a . to that end , they mock the kind of folks they don't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers don't care to understand , either .
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
gently humorous and touching .
it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy .
no , it's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
a film in a class with spike lee's masterful do the right thing .
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
not so much farcical as sour .
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .
it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
nohe's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he isn't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation .
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . .
amazing ! a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind .
while there's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying 'get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't .
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it's really well directed .
the pool drowned me in boredom .
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it can't help but engage an audience .
i don't think this movie loves women at all .
a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a 'very sneaky' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man's greatness .
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .
a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
caso você sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do término da projeção , não se preocupe : ninguém lhe enviará penas simbolizando covardia .
a solidly seaworthy chiller .
flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams .
woefully pretentious .
this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man .
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching . . . gives a human face to what's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it weren't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
at the very least , if you don't know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater , you won't know much more when you leave .
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie .
whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
elegant , mannered and teasing .
the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi .
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .
this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd .
it's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .
it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
charlize chases kevin with a gun . courtney chases stuart with a cell phone . the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out .
idiotic and ugly .
cherish would've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
strip it of all its excess debris , and you'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it's too long and unfocused .
competently directed but terminally cute drama .
frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing .
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .
the movie is as padded as allen's jelly belly .
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they won't enjoy the movie at all .
a lifetime movie about men .
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives .
the film , like jimmy's routines , could use a few good laughs .
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry .
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
it's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock's memorable first interrogation of gosling .
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
[lin chung's] voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
it's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece .
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .
cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms . shreve's novel proved too difficult a text to 'lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
a faster paced family flick . upper teens may get cynical . smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept .
if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe .
a classy , sprightly spin on film .
manages to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious .
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot . . .
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it's filmed tosca that you want . i'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
drives for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that three seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality .
a late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .
just what makes us happy , anyway ?
no reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously didn't invest much into itself either .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience .
i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it .
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
what is captured during the conceptual process doesn't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form .
the movie is brilliant , really . it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it doesn't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
uncertain in tone . . . a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things .
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but didn't know how to handle it .
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
it's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other .
super troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothers/abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , the farrelly brothers .
[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race .
. . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . .
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
a gimmick in search of a movie : how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned .
[chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters .
full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny
a portrait of an artist .
thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired .
the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .
a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending .
one sloughs one's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
if you can stomach the rough content , it's worth checking out for the performances alone .
whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .
the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo .
oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation .
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
. . . a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno .
generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style .
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma .
just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing .
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
would've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film's predictable denouement . then nadia's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it's never too late to learn .
underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them .
nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
the lousy lead performances . . . keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers' puppet strings .
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?
a predictable , manipulative stinker . the story passes time until it's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
full of surprises .
this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well .
a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
miyazaki's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down .
the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition .
creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better .
it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end . it's still worth a look .
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should .
adaptation is simply brilliant .
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it's also a failure of storytelling .
vera's three actors -- mollà , gil and bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances .
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive .
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing .
when the film ended , i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .
this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review .
a respectable but uninspired thriller that's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact .
despite its many infuriating flaws -- not the least of which is amy's self-absorbed personality -- amy's o's honesty will win you over .
it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .
it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
an often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
never comes together as a coherent whole .
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) .
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . .
…it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film…it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , " wait a second , did i miss something ? " ending .
an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .
a well-put-together piece of urban satire .
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has .
every bit as bogus as most disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point .
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .
there's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . but what's nice is that there's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .
[carvey's] characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . form a gritty urban mosaic .
jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s . at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
ratliff's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .
a gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the iranian new wave .
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
human nature , in short , isn't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
there's something about a marching band that gets me where i live .
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american 'hosts' and their 'guests . '
every note rings false .
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough . the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .
[a] shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
painfully padded .
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
lacks depth .
though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
this warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .
abderrahmane sissako's heremakono ( waiting for happiness ) is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the west african coast struggling against foreign influences .
what might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .
[gulpilil] is a commanding screen presence , and his character's abundant humanism makes him the film's moral compass .
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
. . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
there's no question that epps scores once or twice , but it's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
" punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . .
but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns . . . this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity .
cho's latest comic set isn't as sharp or as fresh as i'm the one that i want . . . but it's still damn funny stuff .
a fun family movie that's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , 'it's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
. . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
we get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm's performance , the film would be a total washout .
the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .
a movie with a real anarchic flair .
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
the film seems a dead weight . the lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt .
. . . a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
a journey that's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which hoffman's brilliance almost makes worth taking .
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable .
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
what's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director's talent . watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
famuyiwa's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .
confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .
get out your pooper-scoopers .
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
it is amusing , and that's all it needs to be .
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz .
if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he'd have them mate .
the plot of the comeback curlers isn't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what's unique and quirky about canadians .
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed .
'a' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy .
like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying – like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
for a film about explosions and death and spies , " ballistic : ecks vs . sever " seems as safe as a children's film . well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either .
it's an awfully derivative story .
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
leigh isn't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
a little objectivity could have gone a long way .
bland but harmless .
another one of those estrogen overdose movies like " divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , " except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better .
stale , futile scenario .
when in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . or else a doggie winks .
disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
one of the worst movies of the year . . . . watching it was painful .
absorbing character study by andré turpin .
mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .
amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the " other side of the story . "
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
it took 19 predecessors to get this ?
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . .
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
lame , haphazard teen comedy .
just one bad idea after another .
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive .
if you've ever wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like , here it is .
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore's the scarlet letter .
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as morvern's thick , working-class scottish accent .
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films
the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team .
the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .
about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .
it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience .
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
a slick , skillful little horror film .
a startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in chinese society .
while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .
flat , misguided comedy .
the movie is a trove of delights .
juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .
like a poor man's you can count on me
hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it's heading .
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring .
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .
it's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness .
exhilarating , funny and fun .
i just saw this movie . . . well , it's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
this slight premise . . . works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .
the gantzes' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook .
a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
it's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
. . . if you're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
kids don't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 'snow dogs' has both .
a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level .
an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother .
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
. . . tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i don't know what she's doing in here . . .
birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters . . .
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america's sweetheart .
fluffy and disposible .
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .
if there's one big point to promises , it's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .
cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .
i'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) into scrooge .
earns its laughs from stock redneck 'types' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .
denis forges out of the theories of class- based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .
if you're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
polished korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as hollywood action epics . is this progress ?
it's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
mr . goyer's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
it's a long way from orwell's dark , intelligent warning cry [1984] to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .
even the digressions are funny .
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .
the so-inept- it's-surreal dubbing ( featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer ) brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks .
most of the problems with the film don't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
if you're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x .
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
it confirms fincher's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight .
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it's about a very human one .
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory . . . but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
[davis] wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
in both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you . you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .
none of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of bond , but much of it is good for a laugh . the problem with " xxx " is that its own action isn't very effective .
it's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .
really dumb but occasionally really funny .
. . . a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
a beautifully observed character piece .
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
there is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
[director] byler may yet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one .
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness .
as a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , standing in the shadows of motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .
gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
for a film about two mismatched buddies , crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry .
