features fincher's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
the thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker doesn't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case .
i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .
you leave feeling like you've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film .
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .
a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .
this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work .
matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster .
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script .
invincible is a wonderful movie .
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
. . . hokey art house pretension .
this may be burns's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . if horses could fly , this is surely what they'd look like .
it's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .
the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time .
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
most consumers of lo mein and general tso's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
here's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah .
viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .
it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins .
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled 'hip' , 'innovative' and 'realistic' .
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
a chronicle not only of one man's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign's end , an extended publicity department .
it's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
faultlessly professional but finally slight .
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties .
an interesting story with a pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive " missing thing . "
. . . a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny .
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
feels familiar and tired .
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .
stephen earnhart's homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .
what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy .
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle .
cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them .
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic .
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them .
it's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task .
it's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile .
meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it's so bad it's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie .
possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it's directed by . . . neil labute . hmm .
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and doesn't pummel us with phony imagery or music .
offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .
i'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r . nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon . . . is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
the script is smart , not cloying .
ali's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier .
phoned-in business as usual .
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
[nelson's] movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i'd care to count .
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny .
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .
narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .
low rent from frame one .
. . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs .
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . an exit sign , that is .
wow . i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
even if the ride's a little bumpy , with a final lap that's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director roger michell , best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying .
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof .
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures .
pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
[d]espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing . . .
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
blanchett's performance confirms her power once again .
doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere .
the overall effect is less like a children's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts .
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep .
i'm guessing the director is a magician . after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film's music than to the story line ; what's best about drumline is its energy .
the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal .
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it's to this film's ( and its makers' ) credit that we believe that that's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .
decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
it isn't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie—if only it were that grand a failure ! it's just that it's so not-at-all-good . and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch .
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . so i just did .
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade .
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little catch .
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
what's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .
[a] mess .
for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride .
clint eastwood's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb& j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises – but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he's shooting the latest system of a down video .
the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002's first quarter .
credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .
the problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there's no saving the movie . sorry , charlie
. . . while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey doesn't really go anywhere .
a taut , sobering film .
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs — a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story — but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .
a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement .
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall .
feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores .
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
. . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team . . . but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .
what's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens' deviant behaviour . being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker .
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was .
a bad movie that happened to good actors .
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road . . . but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection .
presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
sits uneasily as a horror picture . . . but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family .
'possession , ' based on the book by a . s . byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
adults , other than the parents . . . will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
. . . this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
. . . the story , like ravel's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
if shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why didn't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?
in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
a tour de force of modern cinema .
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
there's plenty to impress about e . t .
it's not only dull because we've seen [eddie] murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story .
a gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills .
diane lane shines in unfaithful . almost everything else is wan .
beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines . . . there just isn't much to laugh at .
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .
a nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
neither revelatory nor truly edgy--merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style .
there's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that's what makes it irresistible .
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go .
this time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested .
if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis . acting cannot be acted .
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer .
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another .
the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman .
works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear . but one thing's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . .
who needs love like this ?
there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening .
earnest but heavy-handed .
davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms . bullock's best work in some time .
maneuvers skillfully through the plot's hot brine -- until it's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors .
lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine .
visually striking and viscerally repellent .
just how these families interact may surprise you .
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .
it's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
[h]ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .
it's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that's just too boring and obvious .
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed .
as shaky as the plot is , kaufman's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .
since the movie is based on a nicholas sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things .
a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .
behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , all the queen's men is finally just one long drag .
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to frida kahlo as if her life did , too .
as vulgar as it is banal .
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .
none of this is very original , and it isn't particularly funny .
there's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan's prefeminist plight , so we're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people .
piercingly affecting . . . while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .
on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there .
flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising .
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .
it's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives secret life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self .
the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest .
what makes the movie work — to an admittedly limited extent — is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers . weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
it's not that kung pow isn't funny some of the time -- it just isn't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk's impish augmentation .
the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .
do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman doesn't work ?
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .
returning director rob minkoff . . . and screenwriter bruce joel rubin . . . have done a fine job of updating white's dry wit to a new age .
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier .
chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script . . . that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it .
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply .
. . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee .
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
a dazzling dream of a documentary .
spielberg's realization of a near-future america is masterful . this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
it's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor's cartoonish performance and the film's ill-considered notion that hitler's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .
involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
'[hopkins]doesn't so much phone in his performance as fax it . no , even that's too committed . he gets his secretary to fax it . "
it's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads . it's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .
this is nothing but familiar territory .
swimfan , like fatal attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring .
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .
me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
well-made but mush-hearted .
thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings .
despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
too simple for its own good .
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . right now , they're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
it's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up . the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion .
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
writer/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america . it's a scathing portrayal .
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
we hate [madonna] within the film's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .
[woo's] most resonant film since the killer .
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
we're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he's got as potent a topic as ever here .
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .
without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen .
a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan .
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
it doesn't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
one of the more glaring signs of this movie's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms . spears .
writer and director otar iosseliani's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
as a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a triumph , however , it is not .
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television .
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
one of the worst films of 2002 .
you won't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him . and that's a big part of why we go to the movies .
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow .
lookin' for sin , american-style ? try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .
majidi's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .
[newton]wanders through charlie completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality .
happily for mr . chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing .
. . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .
" not really as bad as you might think ! "
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette's dialogue .
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
egoyan's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .
`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
a well-executed spy-thriller .
a bit of an unwieldy mess .
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . .
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it's being .
high crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort .
i can't remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there's only one problem…it's supposed to be a drama .
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
spend your benjamins on a matinee .
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his .
a workshop mentality prevails .
yo , it's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo .
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care .
although very much like the first movie based on j . k . rowling's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .
harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there's nothing here that they couldn't have done in half an hour .
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure .
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo .
reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
an awful snooze .
unlike most teen flicks , swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .
despite besson's high-profile name being wasabi's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film's thoroughly winning tone .
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
humor in i spy is so anemic .
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
i'm sure there's a teenage boy out there somewhere who's dying for this kind of entertainment .
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from shirley jackson , richard matheson . . . and puke up something like rose red ?
after the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
[seems] even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book .
worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .
despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that 'they don't make movies like they used to anymore . '
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
there aren't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but " elling " manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year's most enjoyable releases .
i can imagine this movie as a b&w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
as a first-time director , paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides frailty with its dark soul .
the action clichés just pile up .
[allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be .
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get .
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
the overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there's still a real sense that the star trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction .
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like " girl in bar #3 . "
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .
it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon .
a thriller without a lot of thrills .
a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama's family .
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .
. . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
the film's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
schmaltzy and unfunny , adam sandler's cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad , little nicky bad , 10 worst list bad .
snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
the movie's eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
skip work to see it at the first opportunity .
works as pretty contagious fun .
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .
streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , " big trouble " is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .
not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
led by griffin's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .
bearable . barely .
audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film's tart , sugar-free wit .
while obviously an extremely personal work , it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut .
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
nettelbeck . . . has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants . it's like watching a nightmare made flesh .
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?
should have gone straight to video . it looks like an action movie , but it's so poorly made , on all levels , that it doesn't even qualify as a spoof of such .
a small movie with a big impact .
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production .
the subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one .
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
when it really counts . . . bloody sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language .
it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
" birthday girl " is an actor's movie first and foremost .
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
it's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music .
. . . as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy .
. . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
while much of the cast has charm -- especially allodi and nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy .
while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
an enigmatic film that's too clever for its own good , it's a conundrum not worth solving .
" 13 conversations " holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
the series' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls' amusing personalities .
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
the material and the production itself are little more than routine .
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that's what makes it worth a recommendation .
it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck .
. . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
although what time offers tsai's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo . it is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here's a fun one .
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there's very little hustling on view .
it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding .
choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy .
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that's pretty toxic in its own right .
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm . you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
an ambitious and moving but bleak film .
witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it's dench who really steals the show .
co-writer/director jonathan parker's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
whaley's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring .
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you'll want things to work out .
you won't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .
this is pretty dicey material . but some unexpected zigs and zags help .
on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl .
despite a powerful portrayal by binoche , it's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .
ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
it's as close as we'll ever come to looking through a photographer's viewfinder as he works .
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
there's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and the count of monte cristo . . . never quite settles on either side .
will anyone who isn't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it hasn't gone straight to video ?
another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american sports movie .
a sly game of cat and mouse that's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances .
at the film's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , michel piccoli .
it's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .
the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven .
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france .
it's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it doesn't take itself so deadly seriously .
while it's nothing we haven't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it's more than a worthwhile effort .
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey . . . [it] comes off like a hallmark commercial .
it's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
. . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal .
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
a fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , blair witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies .
the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they're not exactly flattering .
pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere .
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
there's none of the happily-ever -after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that's part of what makes dover kosashvili's outstanding feature debut so potent .
i'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .
a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
a little weak -- and it isn't that funny .
" i blame all men for war , " [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
. . . a plotline that's as lumpy as two-day old porridge . . . the filmmakers' paws , sad to say , were all over this " un-bear-able " project !
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack .
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .
suffice to say that after seeing this movie in imax form , you'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks' face than his wife is .
the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what's available is lovely and lovable .
the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans .
. . . a confusing drudgery .
though the story . . . is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell .
we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .
steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so !
proves a servicable world war ii drama that can't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola's inadequate performance .
what [frei] gives us . . . is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .
take away the controversy , and it's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .
it will grip even viewers who aren't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way .
just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .
awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .
a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance .
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more .
the film has several strong performances .
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .
this is a nervy , risky film , and villeneuve has inspired croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of bibi .
a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments ( including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether ) .
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us " the skulls " and last year's " rollerball . " enough said , except : film overboard !
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .
highly engaging .
y tu mamá también es un buen filme gracias a lo poco convencional de su narrativa , y es quizá el proyecto más arriesgado en la carrera de alfonso cuarón
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer . if you're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you'll need a stronger stomach than us .
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny .
it's been 20 years since 48 hrs . made eddie murphy a movie star and the man hasn't aged a day . but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it's almost funny .
producer john penotti surveyed high school students . . . and came back with the astonishing revelation that " they wanted to see something that didn't talk down to them . " ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics .
it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave .
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean .
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
it's funny , as the old saying goes , because it's true .
it's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .
unwieldy contraption .
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
director barry skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of " the longest yard " playbook like a checklist .
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others .
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . but they lack their idol's energy and passion for detail .
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
a great idea becomes a not-great movie .
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .
i can't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . .
the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
fun and nimble .
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
it's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless .
enduring love but exhausting cinema .
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .
every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least--annoying , isn't it ?
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
it's so underwritten that you can't figure out just where the other characters , including ana's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of ana's future .
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides . . . [and] personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .
a solid film . . . but more conscientious than it is truly stirring .
lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
the script's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
the culmination of everyone's efforts is given life when a selection appears in its final form [in " last dance " ] .
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein's brain .
mediocre fable from burkina faso .
though certainly original in form , altar boys requires a taste for swamp thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score .
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
it's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
light , cute and forgettable .
one of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you didn't know was being taken .
it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .
two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ?
if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it .
visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it .
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .
. . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
ice cube isn't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor .
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .
an intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you're getting its metaphysical point .
yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive .
a trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home .
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line .
i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
a generic international version of a typical american horror film .
alternately frustrating and rewarding .
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .
'it's better to go in knowing full well what's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . cynics need not apply . '
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . certainly the big finish wasn't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for . . . but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
the delicious trimmings…arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute…with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
there's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
. . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . .
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
a poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
i realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .
reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .
there's something deeply creepy about never again , a new arrow in schaeffer's quiver of ineptitudes .
. . . a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy . . .
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that'll put hairs on your chest .
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .
strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery .
this version of h . g . wells' time machine was directed by h . g . wells' great-grandson . they should have found orson welles' great-grandson .
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
. . . nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
what goes on for the 110 minutes of " panic room " is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating .
like a south-of-the-border melrose place .
. . . irritating soul-searching garbage .
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego doesn't always go hand in hand with talent .
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley's breasts -- is authentic .
what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess .
you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
it's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
if you're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . personally , i'd rather watch them on the animal planet .
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
while the stoically delivered hokum of hart's war is never fun , it's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-saving private ryan tributes to the greatest generation .
it's stylishly directed with verve . . .
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .
disturbing and brilliant documentary .
it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning .
rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding .
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
the film's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
the movie is a mess from start to finish .
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .
dog soldiers doesn't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
it's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just can't take it any more .
there isn't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources – good sources , bad mixture
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
jones . . . makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $1 . 8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
a weird and wonderful comedy .
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
an engaging overview of johnson's eccentric career .
claude chabrol's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
" auto focus " works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
[majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day .
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod .
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
not exactly the bees knees
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
a serious movie with serious ideas . but seriously , folks , it doesn't work .
despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
the film is one of the year's best .
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .
proves mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts .
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle .
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
a good piece of work more often than not .
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life . but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .
[a] painfully flat gross-out comedy . . .
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
it's like a drive-by . you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay .
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn .
one from the heart .
i'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you're the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the '70s .
the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted .
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley's film lacks balance . . . and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy needn't always make us laugh . tim story's not there yet - but 'barbershop' shows he's on his way .
alex nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girl .
the master of disguise is awful . it's pauly shore awful . don't say you weren't warned .
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen's astringent wit .
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and 'just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
the overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten . . . make that three minutes .
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second .
schneider's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story's continuity and progression .
spielberg's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
charming and witty , it's also somewhat clumsy .
it's hard to imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this performance .
sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress .
de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins .
the vintage is pure '87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : fatal attraction = don't have an affair with a nutjob ; unfaithful = don't if you're married to one .
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . some of the characters die and others don't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
the plan to make enough into ‘an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .
so what is the point ? lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
unfortunately , it's also not very good . especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
creepy , authentic and dark . this disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .
as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
it's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic .
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who haven't read the book .
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
for the most part , director anne-sophie birot's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .
a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we've long associated with washington the actor .
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
[gayton's script] telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
it is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied .
director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isn't much of a mystery , unfortunately .
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece .
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
there's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
the film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience . it has fun being grown up .
an impressive debut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .
pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you're a struggling nobody .
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .
hardly a film that comes along every day .
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba .
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief .
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
an ambitious 'what if ? ' that works .
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .
this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .
the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
family fare .
. . . even if you've never heard of chaplin , you'll still be glued to the screen .
this is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story's a little weak .
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against . . . well , just stuff . watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .
" the mothman prophecies " is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls .
chai's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .
at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . .
ong's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant's experiences in new york city .
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .
mandel holland's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning . you'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard .
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .
simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy .
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious .
there is so much plodding sensitivity .
the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
a coda in every sense , the pinochet case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the british court's extradition chess game and the regime's talking-head survivors .
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i cannot mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
the film oozes craft .
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess .
it's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .
most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .
'charly' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy . . .
( caine ) proves once again he hasn't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
as happily glib and vicious as its characters .
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
the film can depress you about life itself .
you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit .
a gushy episode of " m * a * s * h " only this time from an asian perspective .
i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .
it's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be . but it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .
…an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
kinnear doesn't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .
[a] stuporously solemn film .
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky " pretty woman " retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .
it's up to [watts] to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .
too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back .
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .
…an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
never once predictable .
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they're struggling to create .
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , " a walk to remember " succeeds through sincerity .
it's slow -- very , very slow . it's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie . that's pure pr hype .
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
the reason to see " sade " lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( auteil ) and emilie ( le besco ) .
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs . . . brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
nothing more than a mediocre trifle .
yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other's existence .
'frailty " starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme .
the script by vincent r . nebrida . . . tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise . it does give you a peek . the main problem being that it's only a peek .
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy .
uplifting , funny and wise .
ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
the makers of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie .
charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time .
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
without heavy-handedness , dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions .
. . . for all its social and political potential , state property doesn't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say .
director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash .
entertains by providing good , lively company .
if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life's urgent questions .
as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame .
one long string of cliches .
with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
" antwone fisher " is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington . it won't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much .
stay away . far away .
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons – a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
although there are several truly jolting scares , there's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at .
it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie . . . but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously moving .
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .
kwan makes the mix-and- match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
. . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement .
norton is magnetic as graham .
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable .
. . . will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks . after seeing the film , i can tell you that there's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
dull , a road-trip movie that's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
arguably the year's silliest and most incoherent movie .
this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
it's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son's room .
earnest but earthbound . . . a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .
richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez .
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery .
i believe silberling had the best intentions here , but he just doesn't have the restraint to fully realize them .
an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum .
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art .
. . . a solid , unassuming drama .
there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .
i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me .
it's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story .
with notorious c . h . o . cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
'this movie sucks . '
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it weren't .
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .
a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with .
often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but seldahl and wollter's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
the best comedy concert movie i've seen since cho's previous concert comedy film , i'm the one that i want , in 2000 .
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality .
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .
its sheer dynamism is infectious .
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly .
[scherfig] has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters' lives after the clever credits roll .
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it isn't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
whatever complaints i might have , i'd take [its] earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor's club any time .
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it's not clear whether we're supposed to shriek or laugh .
what [denis] accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
amid the cliché and foreshadowing , cage manages a degree of casual realism . . . that is routinely dynamited by blethyn .
there's no denying the elaborateness of the artist's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence . it's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr . chicken .
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .
one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .
as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure .
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
set in a 1986 harlem that doesn't look much like anywhere in new york .
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .
so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly .
despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .
the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
. . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .
when the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you're in trouble .
lee's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie . . . is , also , frequently hilarious .
windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
it pulls the rug out from under you , just when you're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction .
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis .
the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .
a road trip that will get you thinking , 'are we there yet ? '
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
the film grows on you . and how .
this time kaufman's imagination has failed him .
a surprisingly funny movie .
you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there .
it's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isn't laughing with us , folks . it's laughing at us .
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers don't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
it's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
spielberg's picture is smarter and subtler than [total recall and blade runner] , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director stephen herek's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
it's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
kaufman's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .
it's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish .
with a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you don't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door .
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in [this] meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .
there's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .
stale and clichéd to a fault .
pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler .
good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
watching e . t now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .
dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .
adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized . but what are adults doing in the theater at all ?
to call the other side of heaven " appalling " would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .
insightfully written , delicately performed
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies .
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter's glory days on three's company .
it's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it didn't entirely grab me , but there's stuff here to like .
will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .
almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . and in a sense , that's a liability .
watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it .
lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert .
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity .
incoherence reigns .
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
serving sara doesn't serve up a whole lot of laughs .
the acting alone is worth the price of admission .
a very capable nailbiter .
meanders between its powerful moments .
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
the movie makes absolutely no sense . its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ?
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the l . a . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy .
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda .
it's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
an often unfunny romp .
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation .
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .
special p . o . v . camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
it's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
this follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter .
light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors .
it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .
while the film is competent , it's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
. . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject – taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .
scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent ; perdition , meanwhile , reads more like driving miss daisy than goodfellas .
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom . . . you'd be wise to send your regrets .
a bravura exercise in emptiness .
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension .
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
like those to rome , all roads in the banger sisters inevitably lead to a joke about hawn's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them .
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
mr . caine and mr . fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother's hold over her .
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
it's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill . naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but doesn't quite get there . good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes .
vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal's overweight and out of shape .
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
it's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks .
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
the superior plotline isn't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other .
it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . .
[cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
a lame comedy .
the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix .
amazingly lame .
analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film's successes , with a few new swings thrown in .
sweet home alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses .
she's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .
hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project .
the story has little wit and no surprises .
the story's pathetic and the gags are puerile .
tends to plod .
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
occasionally melodramatic , it's also extremely effective .
the story . . . is moldy and obvious .
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults . the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory . the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
it's just not very smart .
béart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent .
the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
it's a coming-of-age story we've all seen bits of in other films -- but it's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity .
certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .
un thriller manqué qui tombe sur les nerfs presque dès la première image .
benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle .
michael gerbosi's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
woody allen's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz .
what's next ? rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ? david spade as citizen kane ?
a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .
disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen . . . tuck everlasting is a little of both .
well-meant but unoriginal .
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor .
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they'd need a shower .
feature debuter d . j . caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton's narcotics noir to life .
just how extreme are these ops ? i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
para hitler , o mundo era sua tela ; e o horror , seu pincel . e max retrata este fato com elegante abandono , numa triste constatação da realidade histórica .
the film is powerful , accessible and funny . you won't miss its messages , but you'll be entertained as well .
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
the performances are uniformly good .
i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible !
one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory .
a moving picture that does not move .
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
doesn't add up to much .
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .
it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style .
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america's culture of fear .
it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
[e]ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .
slap me , i saw this movie .
if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of 'there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world .
strident and inelegant in its 'message-movie' posturing .
i don't know precisely what to make of steven soderbergh's full frontal , though that didn't stop me from enjoying much of it .
winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults .
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling . " interview " loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
there are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .
while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek .
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
remarkably accessible and affecting .
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t .
if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe .
. . . gripping and handsome execution , ( but ) there isn't much about k-19 that's unique or memorable .
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
[sam's] self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down .
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . he has a great cast and a great idea . but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms . mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film .
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . yet it's not quite the genre-busting film it's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
it's dumb , but more importantly , it's just not scary .
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
a charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
it isn't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .
at its best . . . festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes .
. . . [a] strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense .
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
o ótimo esforço do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro , que , depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento , perde-se de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos são explicados .
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one .
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
roger michell , who did an appealing job directing persuasion and notting hill in england , gets too artsy in his american debut .
it's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .
that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered .
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire .
i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
by turns very dark and very funny .
it's really yet another anemic and formulaic lethal weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness .
mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
if this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you can't wait to see what happens next .
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
the ending doesn't work . . . but most of the movie works so well i'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .
despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
. . . one of the more influential works of the 'korean new wave' .
the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next .
a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie .
. . . standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
fairly run-of-the-mill .
this is a truly , truly bad movie .
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense .
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .
merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .
eric byler's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations . . .
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender — and i know this because i've seen 'jackass : the movie . '
ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna .
in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
the lower your expectations , the more you'll enjoy it .
'film aficionados cannot help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director's cut . '
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
the film doesn't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through .
all the small moments and flashbacks don't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
a taut , intelligent psychological drama .
what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about .
some may choose to interpret the film's end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker .
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
i can take infantile humor . . . but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer's diapers .
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
what more can be expected from a college comedy that's target audience hasn't graduated from junior high school ?
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .
desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro .
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
it provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1 . 2 million palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of gaza .
rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .
when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up .
as an introduction to the man's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it's invaluable .
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
rymer doesn't trust laughs -- and doesn't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
the fourth in a series that i'll bet most parents had thought --hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished .
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
new yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell . . .
egoyan's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious .
. . . myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-tarantino pop-culture riffs . . .
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the 'are we a sick society ? ' journalism of the 1960s .
energetic and boldly provocative .
disney's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the " a " range , as is , it's a very very strong " b+ . " i love the robust middle of this picture .
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster . . . done up by howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand .
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
these are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
ao sair do cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que , para mim , a existência de papai noel era um fato inquestionável .
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he'll be your slave for a year .
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
has a long and clunky ending . . . which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience's awkward silence
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .
[it] has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . nothing too deep or substantial . explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .
jolting into charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? who cares ? ) .
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .
its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
one of recent memory's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
it's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world .
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
the only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound .
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it's a rock-solid little genre picture . whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work .
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .
scarlet diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it's a lot less sensational than it wants to be .
often hilarious .
it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .
. . . plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .
a complete waste of time .
the whole affair is as predictable as can be .
melodrama with a message .
the script ? please .
this film biggest problem ? no laughs .
all-in-all , the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .
asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy .
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .
there's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor .
. . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
an uplifting , largely bogus story .
good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences .
even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame .
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
" red dragon " is entertaining . an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? but it is entertaining on an inferior level . it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty .
like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
one of the most original american productions this year , you'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
the beauty of alexander payne's ode to the everyman is in the details .
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years .
a pleasing , often-funny comedy .
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble .
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify .
highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager .
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . when it comes out on video , then it's the perfect cure for insomnia .
white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
i'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent .
even fans of ismail merchant's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
if you're not into the pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years won't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open . but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .
the smash 'em-up , crash 'em-up , shoot 'em-up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .
perry's good and his is an interesting character , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy .
each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs . man as brother-man vs . the man .
an intelligent , moving and invigorating film .
watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay's sappier elements . . . and sustains off the hook's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer .
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
" nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new " a christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .
it's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
ah-nuld's action hero days might be over .
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .
. . . grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
a riveting documentary .
frida isn't that much different from many a hollywood romance . what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway's the lion king and the film titus , brings .
nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens .
basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars .
once the audience figure out what's being said , the filmmaker's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .
in the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
it's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
intimate and panoramic .
all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline .
in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan .
alain choquart's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild .
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard .
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you don't care who fires the winning shot .
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia .
. . . a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen .
lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .
a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect .
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .
…its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
. . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film .
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .
to paraphrase a line from another dickens' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
i'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes .
though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium .
as saccharine as it is disposable .
victor rosa is leguizamo's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
huppert's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women's augustine .
this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
no dia em que aceitou dirigir esta continuação , harold ramis deve ter saído da cama com o pé esquerdo . e aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme também .
movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt .
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion .
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and joan's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he's a disloyal satyr .
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
andy garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and mick jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , performance .
a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery .
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
a compendium of solondz's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
[two] fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18th-century canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now .
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
don't judge this one too soon - it's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .
it's sweet . it's funny . it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt . and , thanks to the presence of 'the king , ' it also rocks .
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .
finally , the french-produced " read my lips " is a movie that understands characters must come first .
it's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school .
it's clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .
jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
a smart , compelling drama .
a thriller made from a completist's checklist rather than with a cultist's passion .
a movie of riveting power and sadness .
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it's therapeutic to laugh along with them .
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
this off-putting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amélie .
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today's new delhi .
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .
made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age . . . and then only as a very mild rental .
i'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .
this is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed james bond into the mindless xxx mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs .
it's fitfully funny but never really takes off .
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
woody allen has really found his groove these days . the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
it's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . half past dead is just such an achievement .
national lampoon's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .
forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power .
a frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i've got to give it thumbs down .
it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff .
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
you'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here .
the film's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard . . . and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels .
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .
a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
contando com uma premissa curiosa , o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense , culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memória .
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
in his debut as a film director , denzel washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
scotland , pa . is a strangely drab romp . some studio pizazz might have helped .
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .
the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .
it's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i'd say the film works .
only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony . hopkins .
writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying .
[grant] goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
. . . the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isn't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans .
seldahl's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
[leigh] has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
henry bean's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment .
somewhat blurred , but kinnear's performance is razor sharp .
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more .
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
it's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
film can't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .
impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .
deliciously slow .
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .
a charming but slight comedy .
although olivier assayas' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation . . . its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
it's never dull and always looks good .
the phone rings and a voice tells you you've got seven days left to live . then you get another phone call warning you that if the video isn't back at blockbuster before midnight , you're going to face frightening late fees . o . k . , not really .
. . . instead go rent " shakes the clown " , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
not every animated film from disney will become a classic , but forgive me if i've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school " cartoon " .
it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people .
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage " be careful what you wish for " is given a full workout .
anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides .
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat .
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before .
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . .
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout .
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style--casting excellent latin actors of all ages--a trend long overdue .
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
the film's only missteps come from the script's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of abagnale's antics .
the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use special effects .
serious and thoughtful .
. . . a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
the year's greatest adventure , and jackson's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
this is what imax was made for : strap on a pair of 3-d goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space .
chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws .
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap .
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .
a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion .
the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn .
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
it's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
one of those strained caper movies that's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd's film offers little else of consequence .
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan's platinum-blonde hair .
in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .
the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden .
with elements cribbed from lang's metropolis , welles' kane , and eisenstein's potemkin , the true wonder of rintarô's metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own .
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
. . . by the time it's done with us , mira nair's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
costner's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .
there's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone .
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .
. . . think of it as american pie on valium .
sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it doesn't .
boring and meandering .
[taylor] takes us on a ride that's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .
